[00:00:00.000] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust Podcast. I'm Jeesoo. And I'm Crystal. Happy 200th episode. Oh my god. Can't believe we've made it to the big 2-0-0.
[00:00:22.990] I know, right? It's really crazy to think because we publish an episode once a week, but we do take about a two or three week break during December and January. So that means we publish approximately 49 episodes a year. 200 divided by, let's just say 50, that's four years.
[00:00:48.330] And we did hit our official four-year anniversary a couple weeks ago actually, so the timing is actually just right. That's so crazy. I feel like when we talk to our friends, it feels very normal that it's like you two have your podcast going on. But sometimes when we quantify it, when we're like, oh yeah, it's been going on for like four years, going on five, everyone's just like, wait, holy shit, that's insane.
[00:01:16.190] I feel like also I don't feel like it's crazy until people say that it is. And I'm like, you're right, it is crazy. Yeah. But it's so ingrained in our routine that it just feels normal. So true, so true. True. When people ask, they're like, dude, how do you keep it up every week? And I'm like, it's just part of life now. Admittedly, it was a little harder in the very beginning. That first year, I think we had some bumps.
[00:01:43.650] And at least in my mindset, it was like, oh shoot, I can't bail. Jesus is depending on me. But you probably had something similar where it's like, not that we wanted to bail, but if it's like the thought pops up, it's like, wait, no, I can't flake because Jesus is waiting on me on the other end. And then that eventually just became routine. And now it's just like it's ingrained in our lives.
[00:02:07.630] It's so funny, too, because I mean, first of all, I definitely had those thoughts of like, okay, I have to show up like crystals on the other side. But it's also funny because the podcast is so integrated into our life now where like when I think about other things, long term travel or weekend trips, I'm always like, okay, need to do this for the podcast before we go and blah, blah, blah. So it's even a part of setup of like other aspects of life. Dude, you're so right.
[00:02:34.130] Like our listeners might not know, but like whenever we travel, we always consider like, am I packing my microphone for this trip? So true. Sometimes I joke the relationship with our podcast is like the longest relationship that I've been in. Dude, four years is nothing to sneeze at. Right?
[00:02:57.150] Since this is our 200th episode and kind of also our celebration for like hitting the four year mark, we've decided that we'll do a spicy questions episode similar to last year. But we've tried to come up with some new questions or maybe just like funny stories to share. This episode is meant for just us kind of having fun and enjoying this recording. Yeah. So hope everyone enjoys us answering spicy questions.
[00:03:27.090] And to cement that this is a celebration, Crystal and I have sipped on a couple of drinks. Nothing crazy, but we did get a little warm and loose for this episode. Loosening up for sure. All right. Let's start off with the first question, which is what's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day and you were the opposite sex? Ooh, okay. This is definitely NSFW, but it's not like gruesome.
[00:03:54.970] But I would definitely just like play with my dick. Play with it. As in like, I feel like it's a whole new limb, right? So I would like probably walk around and like get a feel of it and like try to slap it on my thighs. Is that too graphic? Just helicopter it around. Yeah, exactly. I'd be like, dude, whoa, what is this thing, you know?
[00:04:25.270] That's true. I mean, that is probably one of the biggest differences between us and the male sex. Would you try to give yourself a boner and see how well you could hide it? Whoa. Actually, yes. I think I would try to like basically squeeze in all of the like male experience in a day. You know, I'm like, okay, like guys sometimes talk about how when they like take a giant sidestep, it's because they're like trying to unstick their balls from their thigh or something.
[00:04:56.150] Like I need to know what that feels like. Like I'd also probably try on all of the variations of underwear, like boxers versus boxer briefs versus like tighty whities. I don't know if there's any other variations, but I'd probably like try them all and be like, okay, which one is the best? Which one is superior? That is such a good point, actually. Because I mean, I guess in feminine underwear, like there are variations, but we don't have any that's like super loose like boxers are.
[00:05:24.370] And it makes me wonder, like, what does that feel like? Is it like super breezy and comfortable or does it leave too much room for stickiness and movement? Like, I don't know. Also, I feel like being a guy, you can just walk around to places with confidence. Do you know what I mean? Like at night or just in general? At night for sure. And in general, kind of too. Like I would try to just like do things that like guys don't get judged for, but girls do.
[00:05:52.950] I can't think of exact examples in my head right now, but I feel like just walking around in general, you might get the sense too. I can see that. Like you walk into a room and you kind of like demand respect a little bit. A little bit, right? Yeah. I think what I would do is like go to a beach and just be like topless. Whoa. Like what is that like, you know? Wait, that's such a good one. You're right. I often think about that as a woman.
[00:06:22.110] Like we can't just be topless. Yeah. The closest we can get is like we have a bra or like a bikini top or something. I mean, yes, we could go to nude beaches, but it's not quite the same as like when a guy is just casually shirtless. Yeah. I would. Okay. This is also kind of a weird one. I would want to get kicked in the balls because guys always complain about how it's so painful and I'm sure it is, but I just can't picture what that pain is like.
[00:06:49.870] Like I can only think of things that I felt before as like a base, right? I'm like, is it similar to period cramps? But sometimes guys are like, oh, getting kicked in the nuts, you feel like kidney pain or something. So, you know, got to experience it at least once, right? Dude, that's a really good one. You can finally settle the like unspoken debate. True.
[00:07:14.470] I'm biased here, but I think period cramps win as like the more painful one because if you're getting a period every month, you experience this pain every month. But like how often do guys get kicked in the balls? They avoid it as much as they can. Yeah. And as long as you get over the middle school hump where I'm sure that happens like once a day, then you're probably safe for the rest of your adulthood. Right, right. But yeah, I think it would definitely be a very interesting day.
[00:07:43.270] I think there would also be potential for like things that we can't even think of right now that like if we were the opposite sex for a day, you would experience and be like, oh, I didn't even think about this. But like, you know, such and such is happening. Oh, my God. Going into work as a man for a day. That's also probably so different.
[00:08:05.030] Hopefully, most companies like the gender difference isn't very big, but I feel like in actuality, even if it's small, like subtle things, I feel like there is still sort of a difference between how men are treated and viewed versus women are treated and viewed. So I would just want to see what that's like. Talk to some higher ups with the confidence of a man. Wait, that's true.
[00:08:26.930] Because I feel like also guys, when they like see each other and talk to each other, there's like kind of a, I don't know how to say it in words, but like a certain male understanding. You know what I mean? And it's kind of like how like when girls talk to each other, I feel like there's kind of like a female understanding there, too. True. And then, you know, sometimes it's just like kind of awkward when like a woman and a man are talking for the first time.
[00:08:56.130] There might be some awkwardness there. But a woman and a woman talking for the first time, there might still be awkwardness, but it's like different. And I'm sure for like a man and a man, there might be awkwardness, but it's probably different than like, you know, woman plus man talking for the first time. Yeah. And a lot of companies, their higher ups tend to be male. So I'm sure that already kind of outlines a different experience. Dude, I also want to like dap up a guy.
[00:09:24.670] Like meet as a guy, meet another guy, you know, outside of work for the first time. They just do that like head nod and they lean in for the dapping up or whatever. Like I want to do that. Wait, I love that. You're right. That would be so satisfying. Because like you can dap up a guy as a girl, but it's different. If anything, the guy might just be like, oh, shit, like you're trying to dap me up. Like that's cool. But if it's like, you know, just another dude, they're like, yeah, for sure. It's like the automatic. Yeah.
[00:09:53.970] At least for our generation. It's like the automatic intro kind of. I feel like in my current body and like my current state of being, I can't dap someone up seriously. Like I feel like it would always be a joke. So I would have to have like a complete transformation to be able to do this. Oh, you know what I would also do actually? I would probably try to work out. Oh, like see if you can, you're like suddenly hella stronger. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:10:22.490] Like I'm no scientist, so I can't say for sure. But like it seems like they maybe build muscle in a different way, maybe like faster, anything like that. So I think it could be interesting to kind of try to work out in a male body and like see the difference if there is any. Dude, like doing pull-ups. I feel like a lot of guys can, even if they're not visibly buff or super strong looking. But it's harder for women. And oh my God, you know what I would fucking do?
[00:10:50.210] I would golf because sometimes when I golf, I also have T-Rex arms, so that might be why. But like I feel like because I have boobs, when I pull my arms together to grab the shaft of the club, you know, there's like an obstacle there. Yeah, yeah. Wait, that's actually so true. Like imagine running as a guy and you don't have like breasts. Oh my God. Running. That's so true. Jumping jacks. Like just jogging around, jumping. Yeah.
[00:11:17.750] And also like you could just wear clothes without a bra. Oh my God. That's fucking wild. I personally already, like if I can get away with it, I'll try not to wear a bra. Hoodies, like thicker shirts, things like that. Right. Right. But as a guy, you could wear the thinnest shirt and you would never have to wear a bra. That's so true. Like you can even wear a tight shirt and like your nipples poke through and like no one cares.
[00:11:47.470] They're like, yeah, he's just a guy. They're like, it's just male nipples versus female nipples. It's like, oh shit, the nips are out to play. Anyways, should we move on to the next question now? So the next question I have is what's the biggest romantic fail you've ever experienced? Biggest romantic fail?
[00:12:11.370] I've actually mentioned this on a podcast earlier, but I think it was probably that date that I mentioned where I offered to split the bill. And then the dude was like, oh, do you want points? You can just pay for the entire bill.
[00:12:33.010] I think that might be the biggest romantic fail because I feel like what was a generous offer was like a misunderstood into a, oh, she wants her points. And that misunderstanding caused the whole situation to just be completely not romantic, you know? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, oh, damn, this experience is now colored with this awkwardness sort of. Yeah, exactly.
[00:13:03.290] It was like, oh, I mean, my intention was truly just to split the bill to hopefully be nice. Maybe that in itself is like not super romantic, but the fact that it ended up being like, oh, did you want points? Like you can pay for it then. Like that's where it became just like completely not romantic, you know? Yeah, that is a very unromantic thing to say or like it's a funny interpretation of the moment on his part.
[00:13:32.590] Yeah, it's like no fault to him, but it was just like a very funny turn of events. Yeah. How about you? Do you have any romantic fails that come to mind? I do. So I can't remember if I've ever shared this story or not, but my first kiss was in middle school and it was kind of like a dare slash not even a real kiss. So I don't really count that one. Okay.
[00:13:57.990] But my second first kiss was my first high school dance and I was a freshman and my date, I can't remember if we were actually boyfriend girlfriend or not. But my date to winter formal was a junior. So I was like, oh my God, it's so exciting. And he's like an older man, you know? So then I was like, this is so exciting and cool. But at the time, like he didn't have a car or I guess he didn't have his license yet or something.
[00:14:25.450] Because I feel like junior year is kind of that age where some people do, some people don't. He was like, oh yeah, like I can pick you up or whatever. But I guess I just didn't realize he didn't have a license. So I was like super excited. He pulls up in this like huge white Escalade and I was like, oh my God, this is so cool. And then I like, you know, step out of the house and he's like walking me to his car. He like opens the back seat because his mom was driving in the front seat.
[00:14:55.910] And I was like, oh my God. So wait, question. Did you both sit in the back seat together or did he sit shotgun? We both sat in the back seat together. And then he was like trying to hold my hand. And I was like, your mom is like right there. And I guess hand holding is innocent, but it's just weird, right? He was like, I have a little gift for you. And I was like, oh my God, you know how you can get like box sets of jewelry from like Macy's or something.
[00:15:24.210] So he had picked up like an earring and necklace set and it was like heart shaped jewelry or whatever. And I was like, wow, this is very sweet actually. But it was also like, this is so mean, but I was like, it's also kind of ugly. Like I would never wear this. So then I was just like, oh my God, like thank you. Like I was still very grateful, but I was kind of like, oh shit, like what should I do with this? Like I don't think I really like it. Like bratty child Jesus. Wait, yeah. What's wrong with me? I was so ungrateful.
[00:15:54.000] But we like go to the dance and it was fine. I honestly can't even remember what the dance was like. I think most of it was just me being in shock at what high school dances were like. Because I was like, people are standing so close to each other. There's no room for Jesus. The dance is over, whatever. His mom comes to like pick us up. And then like his mom had parked in the parking garage nearby because it was like at a museum or something. We like get to his mom's car and then he's like, oh, don't go inside yet. And I was like, okay.
[00:16:24.060] So then we stood outside his car while his mom was in the front seat. And then he kissed me. And I was like. Oh my God. I was like, please. For the love of God. Wait, wait, wait. This was prom or was it a formal? It was winter formal. And you guys had it off campus? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. His poor mom just waited in the car for like three hours.
[00:16:52.580] I think she, it was like in San Jose. So she probably like went home after she dropped us off and then came back to pick us up. But it was just really, I was like, dude, like we could have done this during the formal or something. And also his mom is in the car just waiting for us. Not that it was very long. It was probably like a minute and a half or something. Of making out? No, just like, you know, the, like the preamble to the kiss, you know? Like, oh, okay.
[00:17:21.400] There's like words shared. I was like, damn, you made out for a minute and a half while she's just sitting there looking in her rear view mirror. Oh my God. Dude, but, oh God. I didn't even think about the fact that she could have been watching us. I probably would if I was a mom. But, dude, she definitely was. It was also just bad because after the kiss, like I also have to get in the car, right? Yeah. So it's just like knowing that she was there.
[00:17:47.020] I think throughout the evening I realized I actually didn't have feelings for this person, even though I thought I did. Holy shit, this is just worse and worse. I know. And then he was like, oh my God, like this was such a good night, like blah, blah, blah. And then we like split up on a good note. But after that, every time I saw him, I like thought about his mom. Oh my God. And we ended things shortly. I have a question.
[00:18:14.380] Was the white Escalade like already a car that his family owned? Yeah, I think it was their family car. Oh, okay, okay. I was going to say like that's very like kind of fancy. Yeah, I mean, I was very impressed until I realized he wasn't driving it. Dude, that's a good story though. It's also just funny because now that I think about it, the other high school dances I went to,
[00:18:41.700] I think there was only one time where the guy actually picked me up and drove me. Every other time I like drove me and my date to the dance. Because I had gotten a car like fairly early on in junior year. So sophomore year, I think was the only time someone really picked me up. And then after that, it was like just my car. Dude, you were scarred. Wait, did you guys not get like party buses or like limos for prom?
[00:19:08.960] Oh, we had a party bus once I think. We got limos like one time for senior prom or junior prom maybe. But I think the other times I just drove. I guess like if anything, you drove your date to the like meeting spot and then you guys went on the party bus or limo or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just funny like driving in really high heels.
[00:19:34.760] I shared earlier on a podcast episode that I would buy these insane heels for the high school dances. Like driving in those was actually a fucking nightmare. I learned to bring sandals so that I didn't have to drive in stiletto heels. Dude, this is probably really shallow. But in high school, one of my like requirements for dating people was they had to be able to drive.
[00:20:01.040] Like it's so fucked up because as early as freshman year, I'd be like, yeah, they have to like drive. I guess maybe not that many people drove at my school or OK. I guess also I had a very narrow window of who I was interested in at our school. So I didn't have that luxury of seeing who had a car and who didn't. I see. I see. At our school, we were an open campus for lunch. So most people, if they could, they would they would drive to school.
[00:20:30.340] Man, it's like so funny looking back at these things that happened to us in like high school. I can't believe you had to have your second first kiss in front of your love interest's mom. Oh, my God. It's actually so cursed. Well, I guess that's a good segue into the next question, which is what's the craziest thing you've ever done to attract a crush? Well, I guess I'll start.
[00:20:55.580] I think my answer to this is not necessarily to attract a crush, but it was like something I did to kind of hang out with him after we were sort of talking already. In junior year, my crush or like the person I was talking to went to a different high school. So it's pretty hard to like meet up with someone when they don't go to your school unless you're spending a lot of time after school or something to hang out.
[00:21:19.860] But the thing is, in junior year, as I'm sure many people know, that's like one of the most intensive school years, I would say, in terms of academics. Not only are you taking a shit ton of APs, it's also when you do like SAT stuff and like start to kind of prep for college essays and things like that. So, you know, pretty packed schedule and like a long to do list pretty much.
[00:21:43.460] So in order to hang out with this guy, I would go to his high school's AP U.S. history study sessions that were held after school. I was also in AP U.S. history. So, you know, it helped. And it was like in some way studying. We had like a little foursome. So it was me and my friend and she was seeing my crush's friend. So the four of us would like go to these study sessions together.
[00:22:08.220] And honestly, like we probably weren't even really listening or studying, but it was just like an excuse with merit, I guess, like a worthy excuse to like hang out with each other while still saying we were studying. So we did that like a handful of times. I remember in junior year. Oh, my God. It was basically a double date. It was. We'll just pop over and like go to the study session.
[00:22:37.100] But now that I think about it, I'm like, dude, that wasn't even my fucking high school. Like like none of the students there knew me except like some of my crush's friends or whatever. And it's just like that's so fucking weird, you know. Wait, that's so funny. It's kind of cute, though. And like at least it was helpful in the long run. Yeah, that's true. OK, I thought of a couple. So one is like really embarrassing.
[00:23:03.620] I don't know if I want to share it, but I have another one that is like a little less embarrassing. And I'll share that one. There was a guy who I was interested in. And the thing is that like he was also interested in me. But I think we just like we couldn't say it out loud to each other. That guy was also like a very nice, like kind person.
[00:23:31.040] There was like a friend of ours who. Oh, my God, this is so complicated. Sorry. I was at the time I was a sophomore. That guy was a senior. And then we had like a mutual friend who was a junior. That mutual friend. She was kind of talking about how like she didn't really have anyone who she was super interested in going to prom with.
[00:23:56.700] And then because of that, she wasn't sure if like she would even get a date because she was like, well, you know, like there's no one that I'm really trying to go with. I don't really even know if I will have a date. And then, you know, the senior guy being the quote unquote nice guy that he was. He like offered himself. Oh, my God. He was like, oh, like if you can't find a date, like I could be your date, which is very kind. Right.
[00:24:23.300] But the thing is, like me and that dude, we had been kind of talking. There was like, I don't know, something between us, I guess. But it was like almost ambiguous because he's such a nice guy. I couldn't truly tell. So when that happened, I was like, damn, OK, maybe this isn't something. So those two end up going to prom. And then I guess I was kind of like maybe a little salty. So I was like, fuck, like maybe I should go to junior prom. Oh, shit.
[00:24:53.880] Keep in mind, I'm a sophomore at this time. So like I can't just go. Right. I need to have someone who will go with me. Uh-huh. An opportunity arose, I guess. And I was like, yeah, there is someone who I would absolutely be down to go to junior prom with. I'd be very happy to go with them. Someone had like asked me about it. So what ended up happening was that I went to junior prom with that particular junior. Oh, my God.
[00:25:21.700] And after that prom happened, the senior guy, we were still talking kind of through this whole saga, I guess. He was like, by the way, I like you. Wait, so it worked. That's fucking genius. It kind of forced out some sort of confession. It's so stupid, too, because it's like, you know, high school and like everyone's stupid. No one knows how to communicate yet.
[00:25:47.360] And it was like maybe this dude didn't realize that like him offering himself or like, you know, even just the fact that he like went to a prom with some other girl when it felt like we had something going on felt bad for me. So then when I was like, OK, fuck this dude, then I'm going to go have fun with one of my friends and go to like junior prom with them. And then when the senior guy saw it and he was like, oh, shit, like, I guess I should confess because I don't like seeing that kind of, you know? Oh, my God.
[00:26:17.340] I love this plan, though. That's amazing. I mean, OK, here's the thing. It wasn't really a sinister plan on my end. It was more like, yo, that's fucked up. If this dude is just going to be like this, then I should stop caring about him. And just like have my own fun. But the result just ended up being in like him confessing. I mean, from my perspective, like maybe that was what caused him to confess. And then I was like, OK, well, you know.
[00:26:47.420] So it was the catalyst, but unintentionally. Yeah, yeah. OK, OK. I still feel like it's a master scheme. I mean, not in a bad way, right? It's just like it's a reasonable response to what he did. OK, OK. Yeah, I don't want it to seem like I truly was like sinisterly planning this because I really wasn't. I think at that point I was just like, fuck this dude. Like, I'm just going to have fun. I'm enjoying myself. So, yeah.
[00:27:16.260] So did you guys interact at all during the prom? So basically what happened was he confessed right before prom. Oh, my God, that is even worse. But then it was like, OK, well, we already said yes to our respective people. So like we'll just basically ignore prom. Like prom is unaccounted for.
[00:27:40.520] And then after prom, we will like resume whatever boyfriend, girlfriend, whatever the plan is after. Oh, interesting. Interesting. Yeah. So do you think your dates knew? They might not have known until maybe like senior prom came around because me and the guy ended up going to senior prom together. Wow. This is like the perfect high school juicy story. Is it really? Oh, God.
[00:28:10.240] That's hella juicy, dude. I'm like kind of embarrassed that I have to share this. I think it's also just like classic high school miscommunication sort of or like the hesitance to do anything about your feelings. Like you look back and it's like honestly, it's like a trivial thing. It's unfair, like in case people's feelings might have been hurt. But like it's such a stupid reason. Like we just didn't know how to communicate. Like we were stupid back then. No. Yeah.
[00:28:39.800] I feel like it's we just didn't have the skills to even bring these things up back then. Or maybe it's like you also just don't know what you're feeling, like what you're truly feeling. It only comes out through action sort of. Agree. Yeah, absolutely. I love that story. All right. Next question. What's your favorite go-to move for getting attention from the opposite sex? Ooh. Okay. Honestly, I don't really have like a go-to move.
[00:29:07.520] Personally, I think that I am someone who is like I need time to get to know someone or have someone to get to know me before like things can be in motion. So it's not usually like a right off the bat. Like I got this move to like suck you in or whatever. Right. But what I have kind of noticed and learned is that if you just drop a compliment for a guy, anything. Like you'd be like, I like your jacket.
[00:29:37.180] Or like you have a great haircut. Anything very simple. Guys love that. I guess like guys don't usually get a ton of compliments. I think it's like better nowadays. Right. Still on average, men aren't as used to getting compliments maybe.
[00:29:56.780] So I feel like I've noticed if you just drop like a compliment to a dude just very randomly, it will at the very least get their attention. Dude, that's an interesting one too because something I've been noticing lately is like when we greet each other like us girlfriends, I feel like usually the greeting comes with some sort of variation of a compliment. True. Guys don't always do that. Although I think a lot of guy friends do.
[00:30:23.860] Like our guy friends specifically are pretty effusive with their compliments. But not everyone extends that level of complimenting to men, I think. So I've also been like, oh, maybe I should compliment my guy friends when I see them. So it's like make the playing field a little more even or like brighten up their day a little bit at least. No, for sure. For sure. Okay. I have two funny stories about compliments.
[00:30:49.120] So one is that in a previous relationship, my boyfriend at the time, he was like, oh my God, like this random girl complimented my jacket. And I was like, oh, that's very nice of her. Like to me, it felt very normal, you know, because as you said, like a lot of girlfriends are usually pretty liberal with compliments. Right.
[00:31:13.020] And then I noticed from that point on, like that particular jacket that was complimented was worn so much more. And I thought it was so funny. Wait, that's actually hilarious. Dude, right? And then my second story is that someone mentioned recently, they were just like, dude, like one of the highest compliments I could get is probably if like a girl asked me for my number randomly, like on the street.
[00:31:39.680] And they were like, I wouldn't even care if like she wasn't really my type. I would remember that forever. And I would like love that. And I would definitely like talk to her more and like, you know, whatever. And I was like, wow, it just like kind of goes to show that like overall, you know, they still get less compliments than like women usually do. Yeah, that's so true. So I guess this is a public reminder to compliment the men in your life. Yeah, absolutely.
[00:32:08.440] I feel like they deserve it too, right? It's like kind of on a similar vein as you, Jisoo. I try not to hold myself back if I were like, oh, one of my guy friends has like cool shoes or whatever, like cool jacket, whatever. Usually they're like so happy to receive that compliment. It's like kind of nice to see too. I feel like the responses I've gotten from complimenting my guy friends has always been extremely hilarious.
[00:32:36.900] Sometimes there's clear discomfort where I feel like they haven't been complimented in a long time or something. Or that's just my guess where they're like, oh, thank you. They're just like shook. Yeah. And then other times they're so overeager to share exactly where they bought the jacket and the story of finding it and all of that. And I'm like, oh, my God, this is turning into like a five minute story. But I kind of love it.
[00:32:59.160] Wait, that's so funny because don't you think there's low key like a girl code where it's like if you compliment a fellow woman's like, I don't know, dress or pants or like whatever. They're like, oh, my God, thank you. Like, I got it from here and here. It has pockets in it. Like, yeah, like I got it on sale. And you're like, oh, my God, that's amazing.
[00:33:24.060] Well, yeah, you're like obligated to share the price, the brand and like the pros and cons. It's like a short form review is immediately requested on the spot. Yeah, absolutely. So funny. Aside from compliments, do you have a go to move, Jisoo? I think my go to move has warped. I mean, back in high school, you read like Seventeen magazine and stuff. And it's always like laugh really hard when he says a joke and touch his arm.
[00:33:54.100] And I was like, what do you mean touch his arm? Like how am I just supposed to naturally touch this guy's arm? But the last move, I guess, that I had was not really a move. I feel like it's just one of my personality traits, but it kind of worked. So I guess we'll call it an intentional move. But I have crazy dreams and it always features like a cast of everyone in my life. I never have mysterious people in my dreams. It's always like real people, like my friends, people I know, etc.
[00:34:25.180] So in freshman year of college, I had a dream about James and about like some other people in our school. And I texted him about it, which at the time he and I were like in our friend group, of course. But we didn't really text one on one. Oh, of course, our group chat was like always really active. But if you scroll through like our personal text message conversation at the time, it was like, hey, do you have this textbook? Yes, I'll send it to you.
[00:34:54.480] You know, it was very like school related. So this day I woke up and I was like, holy fuck, I just had a dream about James. So I texted him and I was like, dude, I just had a dream about you. This happened, blah, blah, blah. And I just like told him my dream. And then he responded. After he responded, we just texted like that entire week, staying up till like 5 a.m. every night texting. Oh, my God. And that's like kind of what kickstarted our relationship.
[00:35:23.680] I love this because I actually didn't know this. Oh, my God. Wow. But I do agree. That's a good move. I've had people tell me that I've been in their dream, girlfriend or guy friend. Right. It always feels slightly special, you know. You're like, oh, shit. Like I was in your dream. Like I was so important that you dreamed about me.
[00:35:50.020] It doesn't have to be like anything necessarily like, well, I'm trying to date you or anything like that. But it's just like I'm so flattered that like I was important enough to be in your dream. So I do feel like that's like a good move regardless of if it's like a romantic gesture or not. It's just like, oh, shit. Like I've been thinking about you a lot. So you manifested in my dream. Actually, that's such a good point, too, because it is a very intimate thing, right, to like appear in someone's dream.
[00:36:19.100] And in some ways, I guess depending on your dream. But in some ways, it's almost like I just watched a movie about someone, you know, featuring like all these people in my life. To be able to tell someone that I think is also kind of a little bit of vulnerability in a sense. I mean, most friends wouldn't be weirded out by it. But if I'm just hanging out with someone or if I just befriended someone, I obviously would hesitate to tell them because it could come off kind of weird.
[00:36:45.120] So to be able to tell someone that and to be able to come out in someone's dreams, like you said, I think is very special. For sure. For sure. OK, I have the final question for us. Has anyone ever walked in on you in the bathroom? So, yes. And I can think of one specific incident. I feel like there's probably other ones that I'm just forgetting. So freshman year, we went to a party. I think a bunch of our friends were there.
[00:37:14.220] But from this night, I specifically remember James and my friend Jessica there. As you do during parties, I feel like it's very common for people to not pee alone. So Jessica and I were like, oh, my God, we need to pee. Like, let's go to the bathroom and pee. We went and then we were kind of like trading off the peeing. Sorry, that was really poorly. But, you know, she peed and then I was on the toilet. I was peeing.
[00:37:39.520] I guess because we were intoxicated, like we didn't lock the door or something. So James walks in on us and specifically me peeing because Jessica was not peeing at this time. And we're like, what the fuck? Like, get out of here. And we're just like freaking out. And it was like funny because we're friends. But it's also just like he really just walked in on me peeing. He was like, you guys need to hurry up. I have to pee so bad. So I was like, fine, fine. I finished peeing. And then we walked out.
[00:38:07.020] And me and Jessica were just dying laughing because it's hilarious, right? Since James is like a friend, like a trusted friend who we know isn't a pervert. Like it was more funny than it was like scary or anything. So we were just like laughing outside the door. And then when James finished and he came out, we for some reason all went back into the bathroom. Wait, I have a question. Yeah. At this time, were you and James dating yet? No. No. So we weren't dating.
[00:38:34.920] We were just like starting to become friends, like closer friends. Yeah. So then we all went into the bathroom. And then we took like, I swear to God, we took like over 80 selfies. Like I have no idea why. But we have so many selfies. I'm fucking dying. Wait, I was definitely not here for this. I don't think you were. I think it was just like us three and then maybe like a couple of the guys. Which is so funny. Oh my God.
[00:39:04.360] Actually, you're right. Because if you were there, you probably would have been in the bathroom with me and Jessica peeing together. Wait, so you have 80 selfies of you and Jessica and James just in the bathroom. I have, it's so many. Did anyone need to pee during those 80 selfies? I don't think so because it was like a frat house. So I think there were multiple bathrooms and stuff. No, no, I mean like out of you three. Did anyone need to pee? We're there for so long. We're like, oh shit, I gotta pee again.
[00:39:32.560] Someone's like holding it in and they're like, okay, for the selfies. For the greater good, aka the selfies. Dude, it was also funny because this frat house was really warm. It was just like a warm evening in general. You know, we had drank. So all of our faces in these photos are like bright red. But it's like the most unflattering selfies of all time. And I have like 80 of them. Do you still have them? I do.
[00:40:02.260] Oh my God. Wait, that's so funny. You should show one at the wedding. Oh my God. That's so funny. Slip one in there. Damn, my story is not as funny as yours. My story happens like winter break or something during one of our college years. It might have been senior year because we were all 21 by the time. We all went to Vegas. It was pretty much all our high school friends.
[00:40:31.560] There's two parts to this story. So my part is that we were staying at, I believe it was the Venetian. And we just got one suite and we were what, like maybe like seven or eight people. Oh my God. I know. It was like a two queen bed suite. But the thing about these suites is that the bathroom has no lock.
[00:40:58.960] So, you know, at one point I'm like, okay guys, I'm going to go shower. However, I'm showering. I finished showering. So, you know, there's no shower head, like water noise, right? So the door's just closed. You don't know for sure what whoever's in the bathroom is doing. I happen to just be stepping out of the shower.
[00:41:22.800] And then our very good friend Tiffany fucking swings open the door. She's trying to go pee or some shit. And I'm just standing there, stare at the door as it swings open. I'm in shock. I'm like, what the fuck? And I'm like, oh my God, trying to cover myself. And she was like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. Slips door closed. Wait, did you have a towel to cover yourself?
[00:41:52.360] No, I literally like just stepped out of the shower pretty much. Oh my gosh. I'm like literally so fucking naked. Like thank God it was Tiffany, like a girlfriend, right? Right. And I was just like, oh my fucking God. And she's like, oh my God, I'm so sorry. So slams the door closed. And then like, you know, I grab a towel, wipe off pretty much. And then I'm like, okay, it's fine. Like I can wrap myself in this towel. You can come and do whatever your business is.
[00:42:19.440] It's also funny because I feel like I'm kind of more private about this. Like, you know how some girls are like really comfortable training in front of other like girlfriends and stuff. Right. I feel like I'm more on the like private side of that spectrum. Tiffany kind of is too. So the fact that it was like me fucking freshly stepping out of the shower. But ass naked. Yeah. And then her opening the door, we're both just like, holy fuck.
[00:42:52.040] Wait, that's so funny because, okay, we're getting walked in on peeing. I feel like it's not the end of the world because your clothes for the most part, it's just like your ass is out. But shower is that's like you're so vulnerable. You're basically like a baby, you know, you're like wet. Your hair is wet. I'm pretty sure also it was like I was facing the door. Oh God. Because like also if you're sitting on a toilet, it's like sure your ass is out, but you're like sitting, you know? Yeah.
[00:43:21.840] Usually you're sitting position. Most things are covered. I was like facing the door. Like for a split second, Tiffany saw everything. Oh my God. Okay. This made me think of a follow up question. Would you rather get walked in on post shower or while you're shitting? Whoa. Honestly, post shower. Yeah. Yeah. Me too, I think. Post shower for sure.
[00:43:52.220] With a shit, you never know. What does that mean? What do you not know? You never know if it's like, like a smooth shit or if it's like you're running into some issues. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Also post shower, it's just visual. But during shit, there's also like, you know, you have like three of the five senses being
[00:44:22.720] employed. You're absolutely, if anything, post shower smells great. Yeah. Like you are having a wonderful time. No, honestly, if you think about it, post shower, it's like, it smells great. You're seeing a great human body, freshly clean. It's a good experience. Aside from the like awkwardness and shyness.
[00:44:50.660] Wait, it's a good experience for what? The viewer or for both parties? For the viewer, I guess. Right. For the person on display, it's probably a little more like, oh my God, what's happening? But like for the viewer, smells great, looks great. That's true. There's one winner and one loser when someone gets locked in on post shower, but walking in during shit, that's two losers right there. Exactly.
[00:45:20.620] Exactly. Exactly. Also, imagine if you're like getting walked in while you're pooping and you have a poop stool. Like that's even more awkward. The ankle and everything. Holy fuck. I'm sorry. I might've made it worse, but it's the truth. Poop stool, pooping is when you're most vulnerable for sure. Right. I think what would truly make it worse would be like if we had to poop naked or something.
[00:45:50.540] Oh my God. Dude, that actually just unlocked a memory. Do you remember when we used to wear like tight ass skinny jeans? Yes. I just remember sometimes when I'd be pooping in like middle school or something, when skin tight jeans were like a closet staple. Sometimes I would take off my jeans to shit. Oh, like you would take it all the way off? Yeah. Or at least like down to my ankles or something versus like with other pants, you don't necessarily
[00:46:18.460] have to go the full mile to have a comfortable poo. But because it was such restrictive like sausage casing days, I would like sometimes take it off. So that would be the worst scenario. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty bad. All right. Well, I feel like that was a bit of a whirlwind, but it was very fun and we are coming up on our time.
[00:46:43.380] Thank you, Jisoo, for joining me on this 200th episode and being vulnerable, getting a little drunk and looser than we usually are and releasing some like NSFW shit that we normally don't, right? I know. We got a little crazy this episode. We did. I mean, hopefully our listeners don't judge us too hard because some of this stuff I definitely would not share if I were sober.
[00:47:14.900] So hopefully this is some sort of gift to our listeners. Thank you, everyone, for sticking with us for the last 200 episodes. I mean, that is just like we talked about earlier. Absolutely insane. Yeah. And hopefully you guys were able to get a little bit lit with us as we share these heinous stories. Yeah. And if you're a new listener, hopefully this was entertaining. And maybe you'll stick around for the next 200 episodes. I don't know.
[00:47:45.360] As usual, you can always reach out to us on social media. We are at eatyourcrustpod on Instagram. We also have email eatyourcrustpod at gmail.com. And if you'd like to catch our other episodes, then follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or any other podcasting platform. We upload new episodes every Wednesday morning. And we've been putting up Spotify Q&A slash polls after every episode is up. So feel free to check that out if you're a Spotify user.
[00:48:15.360] Speaking of Spotify Q&As, shout out to Yashian Pan, who said, I have the same eye tear up thing. I thought it was just me. Dude, I feel so seen. Like, I'm so glad that it's not just me because I felt the same way. I thought it was just me. There's more of you out there. Oh, thank God. Another great response to do you have any tips for staying in the moment from Yufin, who said, I feel like meditation helps me personally to stay in the moment in a
[00:48:45.300] way that I am now able to realize and self-reflect the moment I'm not living in the moment. I am always in awe of people who can keep up with their meditation. I feel like it's somewhat intimidating for me. So I love this response. Definitely inspiring. And it seems like it kind of frees you a little bit to enjoy the moment that you're in. So thank you, Yufin, for this great response. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.