[00:00:01.170] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust Podcast. I'm Crystal. And I'm Jeesoo. So before we jump into our topic today, I actually have a funny story to share. So the other day, James and I were walking to get Gatorade and like soda from this liquor store that's really close by. It's literally like a five minute walk.
[00:00:29.870] And to get to this liquor store, you basically have to pass by this like little plaza. And there's a really cute like small kind of hole in the wall donut shop there in that plaza. And it's owned by an Asian family. So in the past, when we went by, the like parents were kind of running the store. And they chatted me and James up and they were like, oh my god, what ethnicity are you guys? And James was like, I'm Chinese. And then they were like, oh my god, we're Chinese. Oh my god. Do you speak Chinese?
[00:00:58.370] My stupid sons don't speak Chinese. And me and James were like, oh my god. And James was like, yeah, I speak a little bit of Chinese. And they were like, oh my god, you're like the most wonderful son ever. And they were just like super sweet and really nice. So it's like a donut shop that we look upon fondly. On the way back from the liquor store, me and James were like, let's just like pop in. You know, like the door was open. So we'll just like swing our head in. And James was like, hi, are you guys open? I think the son presumably was like working that day.
[00:01:27.670] He was like, yeah, just come on in. I was like, oh, can I get some donut holes, buttermilk bar or something? And James was like, I'll have a glazed donut. Yeah. And then the guy packs all of the rest of the donut holes into our box. It must have been like 25 or something like that. Oh my god. I was like, holy fuck. And then he was like, oh yeah, don't worry about it. It's like later in the day anyway. Wow. And then he was like, you guys don't live around here, huh? It's just funny because it's literally across the street from us, right? Yeah. So we were like, oh no, we like live over here just across the street down there. And he was like, oh, no way.
[00:01:56.890] Did you guys just buy that house? And then he pointed out the house that wasn't our house, but was just on sale. We were like, no, but just like maybe like a block away. And he was like, oh, that's crazy because I just assumed you guys weren't from here since there's no Asians in this area. He was like, I grew up here, so I'm like really used to not seeing Asians. So it's like crazy that you guys live here. Yeah. And it was all like super friendly and stuff. And we were just like, oh, it must have been a little bit tough for him being in the Bay that's very Asian, but in a city that's not Asian at all. Right.
[00:02:26.410] But yeah, he was like super nice. And then we walked back home. I was just thinking about the irony of it a little bit. James and I both came from very, very Asian cities. Yeah. And then now we're like getting head nods from other Asian people on the street, feeling this kind of sense of connection with other Asians in like a less Asian city. And I was kind of thinking like, I'll never understand what it's like to be an Asian growing up in like a city in the Midwest or somewhere that's like very white.
[00:02:53.510] But I'm getting like a tiny glimpse of it here in my adulthood. Yeah, that's very interesting. And I haven't spent a ton of time in the city that you live in in the Bay. But just from my knowledge and observation so far, I feel like there have been more people kind of starting to move into this particular city. Right. So I wonder if over time it might start to get more diverse. Yeah, I think so. I guess it's kind of funny because it's not like there's like no Asians here at all.
[00:03:22.290] But I'm sure just the experience is so much more different for someone who has seen the history of this city. So I totally agree with you. I feel like my experience hasn't been like, oh, there's no Asians here. But it's definitely been like a transition from the past cities that James and I have lived in. But yeah, pretty cool to kind of get recognition from other Asians here. I feel like we had a little special moment in the donut shop. And now I'm like, should I go back? Yeah. Just to say hi?
[00:03:48.950] Or like, should I be buying more donuts from them just because they're so nice? You know, maybe you can get like coffee from them. Oh, that's true. I thought the son was going to be like, oh, my God, you two are the fuckers who like, my parents said can speak Chinese at home. Dude, I'm like, the goal is to meet their entire family. Like, where's the other son? Any sisters? I also have a bit of a funny story this week.
[00:04:13.550] I feel like my funny stories are usually me scrambling to like, I don't know, survive, I guess. So this week, my debacle was I recently in the past like couple months or so started up therapy again since moving back. My current therapist I see in person, but they're a little far. They're like on the other side of the bay from me. So it's closer to work.
[00:04:40.330] What I usually do is I schedule it on a weekday so that I can like go to it during the lunch hour or like leave work maybe an hour early to like go to my appointment before going home. Right. And so I had it scheduled on Tuesday last week. Everything was planned out in my head as planned out as it could be. Basically, wake up, go to work, go to therapy. But then I was at work.
[00:05:07.670] I had a meeting really close to my therapy time and it takes about 30 minutes to get from work to therapy. So I was like, OK, I'll take this particular meeting on the car because I don't really have to talk. It's more of a listening meeting. I have it all planned out. I like left, grabbed lunch and was about to head out when I got a text from my therapist that was like, oh, I'm so sorry for the late notice. But can we actually meet online today? And I was like, oh, yeah, sure.
[00:05:35.730] And I was like, fuck, now I guess I have to go back to office to like take that meeting and then find a meeting room to take therapy in. Right. So I got back to my office and I was like maybe five minutes late to my meeting. There was about 15 minutes left between that meeting and my therapy starting time. So I was like wandering around desperately looking for a room. So we have these phone booth kind of things in our office and they're really nice because they're actually quite soundproof.
[00:06:04.310] Because, you know, sometimes meeting rooms are like big and stuff, but they're not super soundproof. That's true. Yeah. So these phone booths are like pretty small and compact and they're pretty soundproof. So I found an empty one, got in there and then I started my therapy meeting in there. But I was just like, oh, my God, like my whole day got derailed. Your three things on your agenda. I guess I still went to work and I still had therapy and I still woke up. But like, you know.
[00:06:33.590] That must be like a crazy experience to take your therapy meeting or not your therapy meeting, your therapy appointment at work. Did it feel weird? It was a little weird. OK, so I was like, thank God this phone booth is like pretty soundproof because what if someone outside is just hearing me talk about like random shit? And they're like, that doesn't sound work related. Imagine me talking about like life struggles or just like random, really personal things.
[00:07:02.130] And someone's just walking by and like, wait, what? They're like, interesting. Is that a new code word for one of our secret projects? I don't know if you're like the super emotional type during therapy, but I know a lot of people like cry during their sessions. So you're just like sobbing in the meeting room. People are like, what the fuck? Oh, my God. OK, luckily, no crying in my therapy. We talked a lot about like emotional management. So I'm sure if like someone could hear, though, they would probably be like, oh, like this sounds helpful.
[00:07:31.290] But like, what does it have to do with work? I'm like surprised you didn't take the meeting in your car. OK, so I really thought about it. Yeah. But the thing about the car is that I feel like it would be too obvious. She would probably be like, why the fuck are you taking this appointment in your car? So when you do therapy online, I think one of the most common platform they do it on is called telehealth. I've used that before.
[00:07:59.570] I'm pretty sure you can't change your background. Oh, I think it would be too obvious. Like she would see this fucking seats and be like, why is there a window back there? People like walking around. Yeah. Empty backseat behind me. That's true. Although she definitely can't fault you because, you know, last minute thing. So yeah, it'll derail. I guess like I could have maybe driven home instead of driving to therapy and taking that one work meeting on the car.
[00:08:27.990] I could have taken that one work meeting on the car and driven home. I don't know. I actually didn't think about that until now. You're like, why did I not do that? It might have been cutting it very close. Oh, that's true. Damn. That sounds challenging. Therapy appointment at work. Yeah, it was not the most ideal. But it worked out. It was fine. That's good. Well, I guess our personal stories aside, let's kind of dive into our topic this week, which is also a little bit personal.
[00:08:56.790] We wanted to take this episode to talk about our parents and in general, our relationship with them, how it has evolved, maybe communication styles and preferences with them, etc., etc. Let me first ask you, Crystal. Okay. When you were growing up, did you have phases where you liked one parent more than the other? Whoa. I think I've always kind of leaned towards my mom.
[00:09:25.010] Not saying I don't like my dad. You know? But I think there's like a girl bond there, you know? A womanly bond. That's true. There's some things that you go through life as a woman, as a girl, going through puberty and stuff like that. It's just easier to talk to your mom about these things if you're also a girl. Imagine how awkward it would be if your dad walked you through period stuff. Yeah.
[00:09:53.970] An Asian dad at that, too. That would be a nightmare for sure. He'd probably like fling a pad at you and be like, um, you just like use this. I'm not super sure how, but like peace out. Yeah. Yeah, that would definitely be awkward. And I know what you mean about the girl bond. I think there's just naturally more things that you have in common with your mom. And at least for my family, my dad was the breadwinner and my mom was a housewife.
[00:10:19.090] Anything like car rides home, getting dropped off at school in the morning, those were all done by my mom. And I feel like those small moments in the day-to-day are like sometimes when you build a closer bond with someone rather than like the big things. So I totally feel that. But for me, I think it was kind of different because I think when I was younger, I was closer to my dad. And I think part of the reason is my dad is a really good storyteller.
[00:10:46.730] So he used to tell me stories about what I now know are like movies or like Greek myths. I'm like, wait, he literally just told me the plot to this movie. Oh, my God. But it was like so fascinating for me as a kid. So then Sunday mornings, he would always tell me stories and then we would just talk about things. So those are like some really fond memories I have with him. That's nice. Oh, I bond with my dad. It's kind of funny, but we'll do like was like handyman kind of stuff. Like home maintenance stuff.
[00:11:16.090] So I guess like one example is two or three years ago, I cleaned out my closet and I like installed a new shelving system in it. Right. I like did most of the cleaning. I took the doors out and then I bought the like shelving unit. I know I could have done it myself, but I also feel like my dad gains like a sense of pride, maybe of like helping or like doing this. Like, oh, I'm like the man of the house or whatever.
[00:11:45.190] So I was like, oh, dad, I'm going to install this thing. Do you want to help? And he was like, yeah, like let me get my tools. Like I'll come help. And then we like put it together and, you know, did all that. You know, I kind of get what you mean by like I did it so that my dad would feel like involved in like a sense of fulfillment and stuff. Because I feel like a recent learning for me was like there's lots of things that I lean on my mom for for help. And it just comes naturally. Like I'm always like, oh, how do you make this recipe? What do you have to buy at the grocery store? You know, things like that.
[00:12:14.170] But then I don't naturally have questions like that to ask my dad. Right. So then I recently started getting back into golf and I was like, oh, should I buy this golf bag and like this cart and stuff like that. So I like messaged my dad. And I feel like he was probably shocked because like I've talked about in this podcast before, I don't, you know, one on one talk to my dad a ton. It's like always through my mom or like with my mom or something.
[00:12:42.710] So then we just like talked about it back and forth in our group chat, maybe like 10 minutes or something like that. Afterwards, I was like, why don't I do this more often? Like it's something so easy. Right. But I just never thought about it too deeply, I guess. What about did your dad ever pick you up from, I don't know, like the airport or after school? Were those ever like one on one moments? Yeah, there were definitely some moments like that. But so my dad used to go on a ton of business trips and he still does.
[00:13:11.930] So there were like long periods of time where he was maybe not home or like he was abroad and things like that. So then I think the moments just became fewer and fewer over the years. I don't know. I feel like low key. I was like not a very good daughter in high school. Actually, I shouldn't say low key because I know I wasn't. Just with all the hormones, going through puberty and the stress of college applications and whatnot. So there was a time period where my relationship with my dad was like kind of rocky.
[00:13:40.730] So then when we did have those moments of like being in the car just one on one, we were very prone to like fighting. So I think for a couple of years I was like, OK, I don't want to fight with my dad. Yeah. So I'm not going to try to extend myself out too much to him. Oh, I see. Oh, my God. I think I can totally relate because one time I was having lunch with me. It was me, my brother and my dad.
[00:14:05.630] But somehow like our childhood kind of got brought up and my dad was like, Crystal, you were a great baby, like very easy to take care of. Very tame. Didn't cry too much. Like we just had to give you food. And then he was like, but then the moment you became a teenager, we were like, what the fuck happened to our daughter? Why is she the devil? Jesus Christ. That's a big jump. But I thought that was hella funny.
[00:14:34.370] I was like, oh, my God. Yeah, it's probably totally a brat. You know, that reminds me of I think for a long time I had this idea of me being like a perfect kid when I was young because I feel like I remember me following all the rules. And then, of course, before memories, when you're like an infant, there's no recollection of anything. But yeah, my mom was like, no, actually, you cried all the time. Once you threw a fit at a grocery store, temper tantrums, you name it.
[00:15:02.390] And I was like, I don't remember these things. Like I feel like my brain just blocked it out. And in my memories, I'm like an angelic kid. Wow, I should ask my parents. I'll be like, when was my most difficult time? How was I as a baby? I think one of the other things, too, that is always a little bit of a factor or maybe like a milestone in our relationship with our parents, especially at a young age, is the moment you realize they're not perfect.
[00:15:31.490] And then the judgment that kind of follows that. I feel like it's been like an up and down journey for me personally, because when I was younger, my parents were the shit. They were my everything. Yeah. And I'm sure a lot of children feel that way, too. Right. Their opinion was my opinion. When kids at school had a different opinion, I was like, you're wrong because my mom and dad said this and they're smarter than your mom and dad. I see. I see.
[00:15:56.110] But then kind of in that puberty era, you realize that there are things that you and your parents disagree on or like you might not agree with the way your parents approach things. And then that to me was a really hard time. I think it was really difficult for me to reconcile my image of my parents and like the actual parents themselves.
[00:16:17.210] And then that gap or that discrepancy between my expectations and my idea of them and who I was realizing they were as people was causing me to like just dislike them for a little bit. When was this happening? I think this was like in middle school when my dad was like, you have to get straight A's. And I was like, you're wrong.
[00:16:41.130] I thought you were going to be like, this is like right now, like we have disagreements on like things like how the world should be run. But no, you're like middle school because they wanted me to have good grades. Middle school because they were strict. I mean, I think at my current age, I know my parents a little bit better. And I think it's way harder to pass judgment on them than it was for me when I was in middle school.
[00:17:09.690] Because in middle school, I'm a kid and I'm like, you're an adult and you can't even do this or like you still think this or whatever. But then now I'm also an adult. So to me, now I'm more like impressed by them. I'm like, I can't believe you guys can take care of your garden. I can't believe how clean your house is. The things. Yes, yes, I see. I can totally see that, though.
[00:17:36.370] I definitely also disagreed with my parents for being strict in junior high and high school. They wanted me to take like all the hard classes. And I was like, no, I'm dumb. Like, no, I can't take all of these ones. Only some of them. They're like, no, I think you can do it. I'm like, no, I really can't. You're like, please believe me. Nowadays, it's like, well, I guess we're all adults.
[00:18:05.410] So I sometimes think about the things that they did at our age. My parents got married at I think it was 28 or so. And then they immediately moved out of China to a whole new country. Right. So I was like, oh, my God, would I do that next year? Not really. No, I totally agree.
[00:18:24.270] And I wonder if part of the whole parents being really strict when you're young, kind of loosening up, you know, the older you get and things like that are like the parents version of, you know, like they're coming to terms with who we are as we're coming to terms with who they are. My dad had all these dreams for me and I was like, I can't fulfill these things for you. And at the same time, I'm having realizations about my parents and seeing them more as actual people and not just like idols or like imaginary figures.
[00:18:53.130] Right. That kind of reminds me, too, of like tax season kind of just recently passed a couple months ago. And I was doing my taxes and I was like, holy fuck, I had to pay so many taxes also because I had to do New York and California for this past tax year. And my parents just like laughed in my face and they're like, yeah, welcome to the real world. And I was like, oh, my God, I'm so poor now. And they were like, yeah, same.
[00:19:24.430] Dude, but you also bring up such a good point of like finances. My parents had me when they were my dad was 34 and my mom was about 30 or so. That's not that far off from our age. Like there's definitely a couple of years left to go. But 30 is kind of creeping up on us. And I'm like barely taking care of myself. I can't fathom what it's like to keep up with your job, have a kid while at the same time doing like an international move. And all these things.
[00:19:53.430] I'm like, I barely want to go to like L.A. I'm like, L.A is too far. I don't want to go. Like imagine not speaking the language of the country you're in and having a child. Oh, my God. Horrible. Awful. Would never do it. It's just so brave. Yeah, it really is. Wow. I oftentimes ask my parents, would you have stayed in China if you could go back? And they're like, well, you know, they've spent the years. They've adjusted now.
[00:20:20.690] There's like a community or friend circle that they're a part of and they're used to it now. And I think their original goal of leaving China or, you know, just their home country was mostly fulfilled anyway. Because it was like, you know, more opportunity and that kind of stuff. And they're like, yeah.
[00:20:39.150] Like my parents were telling me realistically, if they had stayed in China, they don't know if they would be as quote unquote successful as they are right now in America because of just like how the economy works and like all that stuff. I guess like capitalism helped them here. Yeah, I think sometimes my parents also kind of imagine what it would have been like if they stayed in Korea instead of came here.
[00:21:05.210] And a big part of that, too, is like they will ask me, oh, what do you think it would have been like if you lived in Korea? Can you imagine what it would have been like if you grew up there? And then I'm like doing the thought exercise with them and stuff like that. But it's just crazy to think that there's like one choice really changed their life so significantly, you know, also ours in succession.
[00:21:28.670] And to have the weight of that kind of decision on your shoulders at like 28 or like 30 is just mind boggling to me. I wonder if they thought about that. Like, well, my kid will be an English speaking child. Yeah. An English speaking Asian. I do have to imagine it's probably different for like your parents and mine because my parents moved here after I was born. So I lived in Korea for the first like four years or so of my life.
[00:21:57.490] So then I feel like that was truly like a move for like me and the family versus like for your parents. Not that I know anything about like the context, but I feel like because there's no kids there yet, maybe it's like a slightly different context. Maybe they're like, you know, we got to get out of here. And then, okay, I guess we have kids now. I love how we're just like guessing and like imagining. But yeah, it is pretty insane.
[00:22:25.070] I was like talking to my parents in April because that's when I had my birthday. I was like, I'm 27 now. Like I'm almost 30. And they're like, whoa, 27. Like we got married when we were 28. And my dad was like, you got one year left. And I was like, um, I don't think that's going to be a possibility. Oh, my God. Kind of a random question. But do you ever ask your parents why they had two kids? No. Oh.
[00:22:54.190] When I was much younger, like elementary school or something, I did ask them, whoa, how did you have one girl and one boy? So like perfectly. Right. My mom was like, oh, well, I just thought really hard. I was like, this one will be a girl and this one will be a boy. Dude, she manifested it. Holy shit. Dude, but she was probably just spewing bullshit to like answer my child brain. Yeah. But the thing is, my mom has a brother.
[00:23:24.330] So they have two siblings in that house. And then my dad has two brothers. So they have three siblings. So I think they're probably used to having like at least two children. So that was probably what was in their mind. Like, oh, two children make sense anymore. We feel like it's a lot because they're kind of starting from ground zero here. Yeah, that's true. I feel like two is a pretty common number that you see within like people our generation. Like usually people have like at least one sibling.
[00:23:54.370] Right. I think for my parents, I feel like they had like a long debate about having kids. And I'm not fully sure. But I have a feeling that maybe it wasn't as like easy of a decision for them. So then I'm very happy in this family. But when I was younger, I used to like beg for like siblings and stuff. But honestly, now that I'm older, I'm like, it's kind of nice being an only child. Like I love that I grew up with this kind of childhood. Yeah. Even though there's a ton of only child slander out there. It's okay.
[00:24:24.310] I'm basically an only child right now. As a sole child who lives at home right now. Is that how it works? But I remember like speaking of begging for siblings. When I was really young, probably like six. I was like, mom, I want a younger sibling. I was like, it's not too late, right? You can you can like give us one, right? And she was like, who's gonna take care of it? And I was like, I will. She just like laughed in my face.
[00:24:53.750] She's like, you're six. You don't even know how to multiply. Probably. I did learn later on, though, there was like considerations, I guess. But ultimately, they were just like, fuck it. Two children's good. Like this is the number. Yeah. It's so like weird to think about our parents making life decisions at the respective ages that they were in. And I think it's because like the youngest I remember of my parents,
[00:25:23.390] at least like seeing them through my own eyes and not in a picture. They were probably what early 40s at the youngest, like late 30s or something. I just can't imagine them any younger than that. You're right. I think that's about the same age as I know them to be through pictures, maybe like mid 30s, but memories probably like late 30s to early 40s as well. Yeah, it's kind of crazy because these are like things that we kind of think about nowadays, right? Yeah.
[00:25:52.490] Like in our lives, if I were to have children, how many would I want? Right. Do I want children? Like, you know, that kind of stuff. It's crazy because the decisions were already made for our parents as in like the time has passed, like the decisions have been made. And so when we think back to like the moment of decision making, it's like how could they have made any other decision than this one, right? Yeah, that's true. It's like difficult to think about the alternatives.
[00:26:21.470] I think another funny thing too is like low key, sometimes my mom will spill the tea about like things that happened in the past. And they're like juicy stories. I mean, not that juicy, but she'll be like, oh my God, like this one Ajuma and I had like beef. Oh my God. Because like we went on like a couple's trip somewhere. This is obviously before I was born. So it was just like three like childless couples. Yeah. She did this and blah, blah, blah. So yeah, I don't really like her. Oh my God.
[00:26:49.870] And then I was like, wait, I go on couple's trips sometimes. Or like we go on like friend group trips, you know? And I don't think there's that many interesting things in my life where I'm like, oh my God, this is tea. And like enough to where I would like tell it to my kids like 30 years in the future. But still, I was like the possibility is there. Whoa. So speaking of couples, I have a question for you. How open about your dating life were you with your parents? Hmm.
[00:27:19.210] In high school, I dated a couple of guys. Some of them were more, I guess, serious-ish than the others. Uh-huh. But I tried to introduce one of my boyfriends once to my parents. And then my dad was- In high school? Yeah. Oh my God. It wasn't anything like super serious. Right. Okay. That guy, it wasn't even a boyfriend actually. We were just talking at the time. I see. But we were like studying at the library together. Uh-huh. And then I was like, oh, like come say hi to my parents. They're like picking me up to the guy. So I texted my mom that.
[00:27:48.170] And my mom was like, no, your dad doesn't want to meet anyone who you're not going to marry. Oh my God. And I was like, okay, never mind. Don't come. You're like, sit the fuck back down. Yeah. That's so funny. But then later in high school, I did have like a more serious boyfriend. You know, I would like talk about him at home and like my parents knew I was hanging out with him and like dating him. And he came by my house once for like prom. And then right after that, boyfriend was James. Did you tell them about dating James? I guess it was harder because you were in college.
[00:28:17.890] So like you're farther apart physically. Yeah. So my mom, anytime I see her, I like tell her every single thing that's going on in my life. Oh my God. So she is like always looped in on the tea. She's your diary. Yeah, she is. I'm like, remember this. But my dad, I think there's more of like a choice to be made there of like, what should I share and when should I share this? But with James, I had a feeling that it was going to be very, very serious.
[00:28:45.150] Like even from before we made it official, I was like, I feel like this is like the guy. Whoa. I know. Wow. I had like a weird premonition. Whoa. I guess if you know, you know. That's true. IYKY. So then like once James and I were hanging out and I needed to drop by my dad's office, I drove there with James. Oh my God. And then James was in the car and I was like, oh, dad. And then my dad came out and he saw James in the car. And I was like, this is James. Like, this is my boyfriend.
[00:29:13.570] We were probably seeing each other for like six months or something at the time. And then my dad looked like so uncomfortable and flustered. And then later my mom was like, you should have given him a heads up. Like, why didn't you say anything? And I was like, I didn't think it was a big deal. Like James was in the car, you know. But my dad said he had a really good impression of James from like that day. So I guess it's kind of worked out. But James was just in the car. Yeah. But you know, James has like a very nice looking face.
[00:29:41.530] He's like, yes, there was glare on the windows and I could only see his shoulders. But I had a great impression of him. Dude, my windows are definitely tinted too. That's so funny. Yeah. I guess the short answer is like, I'm pretty open with them about it. So I have not been open about it in the past, especially in like high school, junior high, that kind of stuff. Because, you know, parents are always like, oh, you should focus on your studies and all that kind of stuff. Right. Right.
[00:30:10.310] I'm sure they probably like had a vague idea of some stuff based on going to like dances and like proms and stuff. But I never like outright said anything. But then in college, I had a boyfriend who was like a pretty long term serious relationship. So then after that, I like started telling them more. Also funny story about meeting the parents and dads and moms and stuff. When it was time to basically introduce him to the parents. Yeah.
[00:30:39.390] My parents were both like, is it like serious? And I was like, we've been dating for like two or three years. That's serious. I was like, what do you mean? And they're like, oh, OK, yeah, we just don't want to like waste our time meeting someone who like you're not serious about, basically. And I was like, OK, I mean, I guess that makes sense. But like also, you know, but ever since being back in the Bay and since I live at home now,
[00:31:04.070] because we're so close, like physically, it's hard to avoid sharing information. One time I was just like, oh, I'm going out. I'll be back later. And they're like, OK. And then I guess we're just kind of used to being like, where are you going? Right. And usually my answer is like, oh, to hang out with friends or whatever. And then this time I was just like, um, I had like an internal debate for like 30 seconds, but it felt like five minutes in my head.
[00:31:29.950] I was like, should I say, should I lie and be like, I'm going to hang out with friends or should I just like come clean and be like, I'm going on a date? Oh, my God. What did you end up saying? So I ended up just being like, whatever, I'll just say I'm going on a date. So I said that and they're like, wait, what? And it was like a random hinge date, too. So they were like, who is this guy? Do you know him? Like some dude I met off the internet. Oh, my God. I was like, no, he's a stranger.
[00:31:59.430] They're like, wait, what the fuck? Then like, how do you know him? Like, why are you going on this date? And I was like, dude, that's just how we date now. And as I'm like explaining this, I was like, this is actually so weird. Like, we just fucking find some random person on the internet and we chat with them for a bit and we're like, OK, I'm going to go on a date with this dude. You're like seeing it from their perspective. Yeah. And they were like, what the fuck? And I was like, don't worry. Like, everyone does it now. You know, it's like the apps and stuff. And they're like, OK, yeah. But like, still, what the fuck? I think they were just shocked.
[00:32:29.290] They were probably also shocked. Like, what the fuck? You told us the truth? That's so funny. So then I was like, yeah, OK, bye. And they're like, OK, bye. Stay safe. Have fun, I guess. I come back in the evening and they both like stayed up and waited for me to come home. Oh my god. For the goss. Yeah, exactly. They're like, oh my god, so how'd it go? They're like, I think, you know, they calmed down after I left. So when I came back, they're like, so how was he? Like, how'd it go? Is he nice? Like, how's he look? And I was like, oh, it was OK.
[00:32:59.350] Like, whatever. And they're like, oh, so you're not going to see him again? And I was like, probably not. And they're like, OK. OK. That's so funny. That's like cute, though, because I feel like roommates will do that. You know, like tell your roommate you're going out on a date for safety reasons. And when you come back, you spill all the tea. But your parents are like your roommates. Yeah, it's been kind of funny. I think at this point in time, it's like we're all adults. It's very even ground. So it doesn't feel too awkward. Yeah.
[00:33:27.170] Like the most is maybe I come back one night after they know that I've been out on a date or something. And it's funny to see them that they've like stayed up and waited and be like, so how was it? Dude, do you ever wonder if your parents gossip about you with each other? Oh, with each other. Yeah. And I use gossip very like lightly, you know, of like, oh, maybe they were speculating about your date or your like love life with each other in private.
[00:33:57.190] Maybe a little bit. But sometimes like the things that I expect them to, they like don't. Oh. Because sometimes I'll say something that like maybe I only told my mom. Yeah. And then my dad will be like, oh, like what's that or whatever. And then my mom will like answer because she knows. And I'm like, oh, so my mom didn't tell my dad. That's true. Like I've had that experience before, too.
[00:34:24.030] Although I think in my family, it felt more normal because like me and my mom were so close. Right. But I think one of the hopes that I have is like when I have a kid, I hope that we're as close as me and my mom were. Yeah. Because love life wise, anytime I had a crush or a new boyfriend or even like breakups, I would always tell my mom everything. And she would honestly spend like hours comforting me after breakups and stuff.
[00:34:52.150] Speaking of breakups, after like a breakup in the past, my mom didn't really comfort me. But at one point she was just like, oh, are you sad? Like, how are you feeling? And then I answered her and she was like, OK. Wait, are you sad is crazy. That's so funny. It's like a doctor check in where they're just like, you good? OK, bye. But it was like maybe a month or two after like the actual breakup date. So things were like more calm.
[00:35:22.370] And she was like, oh, like, are you sad? Like, how are you doing? Basically. Oh, my God. Once after a breakup, my mom was like, good. I didn't like that guy anyway. Oh, my God. And I was like, Jesus, mom, it's been like two hours into the breakup. Like, relax. Your mom is so supportive. My mom's like, have you ever thought about it from the other person's perspective? Actually, yeah, my mom will do that sometimes, too. Or she has. Once I was like, yeah, like we just broke up. This guy's the worst. Fuck this guy. And then my mom was like, he's not that bad.
[00:35:51.970] I think you're just being mean. And I was like, are you my mom or are you his mom? OK, so last question about our parents. Have you ever felt like you were your parents' emotional support in any way? Maybe like not super directly. But last year, my mom's parents passed away. But I was still in New York.
[00:36:15.950] So I felt really, really bad because I wanted to fly back home to like be with my mom. But I think I had a work event or like something was keeping me from leaving the city. Right. So what I did do was I texted my brother, asked him if he was like not too busy from work, if he was able to travel. So I told him like, if you're not too busy, I think you should fly home and spend some time with mom. I don't think she needs us to like comfort her.
[00:36:44.830] But like I think if she's around people, it like helps. That's true. With family. Right. Right. So he was like, OK. I think he spent a decent amount to like a couple of weeks, two or three weeks. And I would ask him, I'd be like, oh, how does mom seem? And he was like, dude, she seems normal. And I was like, oh, OK, then. Wait, you just like deployed your brother. Like your next mission is. I really did.
[00:37:13.530] I was like, OK, the drone out here in New York can't make it. So drone out there in Seattle, can you fly over to California? Oh, my God. Is this the benefit of having two children? Dude, maybe. I feel like my brother is not too emotional, but he's like, I think his emotional intelligence is pretty good. So he was just like, yeah, mom's like fine. But he was like, but I'll like stay around for a bit and like, you know, hang out with her basically.
[00:37:42.650] And then I would, of course, like call her too. And when I did call, we like talked about it a little bit, like the parents passing away and things like that. And I want to say that it was helpful. Maybe it was something nice for her. Yeah. Hopefully. Damn, dude, that's so tough. I'm glad that you and your brother were able to like support your mom. But I do feel like losing your parents is probably like one of the biggest tragedies that happen in life. In like most people's lives, basically. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:38:11.970] And I just can't even imagine what that feeling is like. I think the hardest part was that at the time, it was still very difficult to travel to China because of like COVID restrictions and stuff. They were pretty sad. My mom and her brother were pretty sad about not being able to go back to China right away. But they went back actually very recently to like do some paperwork, sort through some of the stuff and just like start on a lot of the process. But they were both like, yeah, we can't go back alone.
[00:38:41.310] We need each other to like step into our childhood home. So my grandparents, they lived in that home ever since my mom was like born there. Oh, wow. Like the home that they were living in is my mom's childhood home. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. I know, right? Oh my God. That must have been a really emotional trip for them. Probably. Yeah. Yeah. How about you?
[00:39:07.730] I think for me, I don't have a specific moment that I can recall, but I do feel like I have been an emotional support for my mom from time to time. And I think a lot of it is just like, I imagine it's so difficult to move here in your 30s. Leave all your like high school, college friends behind and like have to start up an entire new social life and social network here. You make new friends and stuff. And my mom has a lot of friends that she's super close with.
[00:39:37.870] But I imagine it's like kind of different because my mom is used to having like a lot of sisters by her side, right? My mom has like three sisters and a brother. But here, none of her sisters actually live in the US. So sometimes when I was younger, I felt like I was like a stand-in for my mom's sister. And I think it's part of why we're so close and have been able to be so close and share so much with each other. Because she's used to that kind of dynamic. Yeah.
[00:40:03.910] Yeah, I've just been thinking about it recently about like how unique that is. And I consider myself very lucky, especially as someone who's an only child, to like experience that bond. Sort of like through my mom. Yeah. Wow. So basically, if you want to have a sibling, just have a child. That's my plan. But that is nice.
[00:40:26.810] I'm sure it's very familiar to her too, since you're her daughter and she has like sisters versus if you were like a son. Yeah, I think so. And I think kind of circling back to what we talked about in the beginning, because I have this type of relationship with my mom, I think I felt like my relationship with my dad was not as good, sort of. But then it doesn't really make sense to compare your relationship with your mom to your relationship with your dad. I feel like the older you get, they're kind of like two separate things.
[00:40:56.910] Yeah. Even though it's also like a different thing for your relationship with your parents as a unit. One of my goals for this year is to talk to my dad more. About golf? Yeah, about golf. I've been fucking sending photos of myself playing golf in the group chat. Nice. Getting some heart reacts on it. Oh yeah. My dad's still asking about our scores. I'm like, don't worry about it. It's bad. You guys can play in Texas. Yeah. So every time we go back, we play golf with my parents.
[00:41:25.430] Just have to remind him that I'm like alive, you know, while we're apart. Yeah. And just like send photos. You're like, don't forget about me. You're one and only daughter. Dude, I actually called him for Father's Day and we had like a five minute conversation. And I was like, this is amazing. Like, I can't believe I could have just picked up the phone and called him my entire life. Oh my God. And I just like never did. Okay. I was a little confused in the beginning because I was like, is five minutes good or bad? Your face was like, what do I say? Baby steps. Baby steps.
[00:41:55.670] What more can you talk about? After five minutes, we were both like, we gotta go. He wasn't like, oh, how's wedding planning going? Oh no. Dude. Okay. This is like we talked about last episode. Yeah. Guys don't follow up. They ask one question and then they're like, cool. I have all the information I need. Your mom was probably like, oh, how's Jisoo doing? Like, how's the wedding planning going? And your dad was probably like, oh, I didn't ask.
[00:42:21.630] Dude, I think my parents like subvert the gender expectations though, because my dad is usually the more chatty one. And my mom's always trying to hang up as soon as possible. I'm like, mom, I have like stuff to tell you. She's like, oh, I guess I'm like, mom. Mom, there's more things on my agenda. She's already hung up? Yeah. When my mom talks to her sisters, my dad would be like, oh, how are like the kids doing and blah, blah, blah. My mom's like, I don't know. That's not what we talked about. What the fuck? Wait, that's so funny.
[00:42:49.290] So your phone calls with your mom are like two minutes. Well, I drag them out. Oh, okay. Because I'm like, I need you. But if it were up to your mom, it'd be like two minutes. Yeah. I see. At least she doesn't pick up the phone with like, what's wrong anymore? All right. Well, that's all the time we have for today. I think that was a very wholesome and heartwarming conversation. Lots of laughs, lots of good memories and some tough but funny memories too.
[00:43:17.170] I feel like it's always nice to reflect on our relationship with our parents because sometimes it feels like we're like speeding through stages of life lately. True. Especially you probably because you have a lot of things lined up like big wedding at the end of the year. And then from there, I feel like a lot of things just change after that. And a lot more like questions are asked, things are considered. Right.
[00:43:41.950] So for our listeners out there, if you have any fond memories or reflections on your current relationship with your parents, feel free to share with us. We have social media at eatyourcrustpod and we also have email eatyourcrustpod at gmail.com. And if you'd like to catch our other episodes, then don't forget to follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your podcasts. We upload new episodes every Wednesday morning.
[00:44:07.350] And if you're a Spotify listener, then check out the Spotify Q&A and poll that we've been putting up after every episode. And shout out to Ruiya who gave us a response to our last episode's question. She said that she still uses the term boyfriend, but tries to call his nickname in front of her parents. That's a good one, actually. Like something really personal. So that's awesome. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.