[00:00:00.000] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust podcast. I'm Crystal. I'm Jeesoo. And I'm Tanea.
[00:00:15.040] Welcome back, Tanea. For a lot of our longtime listeners, you might recognize Tanea. She has been on the podcast a few times. The last episode that Tanea was on the pod with us was episode number 118, Visiting the Motherland, where we talked about going back to our parents' cities that they grew up in. Very heartwarming episode.
[00:00:38.520] So check it out if you haven't already. Before we get to this week's topic, I have a slang word for us. I'm slightly hesitant to call it completely Gen Z just because I feel like it's a slang word that a lot of millennials have easily adopted. In fact, it might have come from millennials. I'm not super sure. But either way, it's one of those like blurred lines ones where both Gen Z and millennials are in the past.
[00:01:08.520] And I also use this slang word. So the word is cringe. And it's pretty self-explanatory. You know, like if something makes you cringe, then that is cringe.
[00:01:22.000] The first instance that I can remember hearing this word is Reddit. So Reddit, there was a pretty big subreddit called r slash cringe, if I remember correctly. And then there would be a lot of videos on it. And I feel like that used to be the way that millennials would use the word cringe. So it kind of is like, what is a very awkward video or something that makes you physically cringe?
[00:01:46.860] But I do think the way Gen Z uses it has a little bit of separation. I think for millennials, things that qualify as cringe are really specific in nature. But I think for Gen Z, they use the term a lot. And sometimes I'm like, I feel like that's not even that cringe. And they're like, yo, that's cringe. Yo, that's cringe. I'm like, damn, this is how I know I'm old because I can't relate to how they use this word.
[00:02:09.280] Okay, actually, that's true. They do use cringe from what I've noticed as well, very like loosely, they just throw it out there. And sometimes you're like, was that really cringe? Yeah. The way that I have used it is mostly like, if my friends send me a video, I'm just like, I'm cringing so hard right now just watching that video and like more around like secondhand embarrassment. Right. I guess that's just how I use it.
[00:02:36.160] I know for a while there was like this TikTok trend that was basically just do the most embarrassing stuff until you yourself can't hold it in anymore and you like cringe.
[00:02:48.160] But I think that was mostly the slightly older side of TikTok, like millennial people. And what I've seen younger like Gen Z people use cringe. One way that I've seen it is actually in like gaming. If someone's like being a try hard and they're like, you know, using all these strategies or doing these like kind of tricky things, then people will be like, oh, that's hella cringe. That's so sad.
[00:03:18.320] But being smarter, you're cringy. I think it's like their way of making themselves feel less bad that they're like losing and getting outsmarted. So they're like, oh my God, that's like they're using it kind of ironically, like, oh my God, that's so cringe that they're like trying so hard. It's just a game, you know?
[00:03:38.680] Yeah, I almost feel like the way that Gen Z uses it now is to describe something that's just uncool. If it's not cool, then it's cringe. And sometimes I feel like it comes up in a funny context to like when I hang out with my more Gen Z vibe imbued friends, I guess, they'll say something and then they'll be like, oh, sorry, that was like super cringe. I don't even know why I said that.
[00:04:00.700] And I'm like, oh my God, like you don't have to call yourself cringe. The way I understand cringe is like you see a picture of you in like the 3D glasses from seventh grade. That's like cringe, you know? Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely I think for millennials, like more self embarrassment, or again, like that concept of embarrassment rather than just the uncool part that you were mentioning. Yeah, that's a good way of putting it. Like if it's not cool, it's cringe. I'm just boring. So I'm cringe, I guess.
[00:04:31.240] All right, well, cringe things aside, let's kind of jump into the topic today, which is internships. So today we really wanted to talk about the whole concept of intern season because we're kind of in that full throttle right now, as well as what it's like to be in your first internship and even talking a little bit about the
[00:04:51.360] conversion process in the future as well. So let's kind of kick this off by talking about intern season. What are both of your understandings of this term and how true do you think the concept is? What I think intern season is? Maybe this is just because what I've experienced, but intern season has always made the campus super lively and also really young and kind of naive in a sense.
[00:05:20.420] Because when I was back in Seattle in 2021 summer, and it was intern season, everything was just happier. And like when you get on the bus, everyone's like chit chatting.
[00:05:30.620] And it's just like, again, that like young vibe being brought into a company. So that I don't know what I personally thought of intern season before. This is just like my experience of it. So I guess it just holds true. But yeah, definitely like livelier, younger, chattier around those words.
[00:05:50.440] I guess I can agree mostly, because Tanaya and I both work at tech companies. So like, intern season is pretty real. In the summer, there's definitely huge hordes of interns coming onto campus and stuff.
[00:06:04.860] I personally don't deal with a ton of interns in my current work. But I can see that there's like, more of these young people walking around. And because of that, sometimes there's also more, like events, happy hours or get togethers or, you know, activities that are happening on the grass outside in the courtyard or whatever.
[00:06:25.780] And I guess that kind of adds into the whole, like lively vibe. I guess it's because you're trying to show these interns that, oh, this is like such a fun place to work, right? Don't you want to apply here for full time positions?
[00:06:39.460] That is interesting. So I don't work at a tech company. And actually, recently, we kind of did start having interns. But I think it's not enough of them for it to be like a season at our company. I am curious, since both of you guys have had internship experience. So when you yourselves were interns, did you feel like you were able to recognize the concept of intern season? Or is that concept really only a thing once you're like a full time employee?
[00:07:08.780] I think it really is when you're a full time employee, at least for me, because I had no concept of what it was to be a full time. I was just like, oh, it's just like this every day. And the office, like I didn't see that necessarily shift. But I will say that's, I think it's because I work in a tech company where I'm seeing this, like, again, influx of a lot of interns. I used to intern at a private equity firm back in San Diego.
[00:07:36.800] And the intern season was like, five of us. And everyone in that private equity firm was like, super quiet, like there was no like events. And again, it was like a smaller company. So maybe that was it. But it was very like, calm. And like, again, we didn't have any events. The interns weren't like best friends going to happy hour all the time. Like it wasn't a really like big event. It was just like, okay, like come into work clock out.
[00:08:02.680] So I guess it also depends on your industry. But going back to your question, I think I felt it more as full time rather than being an intern, because you're just in a bubble. I feel like when you're an intern, you don't know anything else. Yeah, I agree. Like intern, you don't know the comparison to what normal is. So you're just like, oh, wow, this is what work is like all the time. Yeah, like free swag and events all the time. Sign me up.
[00:08:31.180] I know one of the big things that Bay Area companies like to do sometimes is take their interns out to like a baseball game, because usually it's like not terribly expensive. And it's a good way to get a large group out. So that's not really happening in our regular day to day. I don't think I've ever attended a baseball game because of work after being full time.
[00:08:54.760] Same. And I remember like, in Seattle, there's a really beautiful lake right near the office. And so they took us out on a boat. And it was like this huge thing. But literally, I've worked at my current company for four years. And I have not even gotten like a single t shirt. I got so much free swag when I was an intern. Like the difference is crazy.
[00:09:15.340] Oh, my gosh. Well, I'm very curious, because I kind of want to walk through, I guess, all aspects of working in both an internship and as a full time employee and see where the big differences are. And I guess we can kind of start off with the interviewing process. So how different do you think the interview process is for someone who wants to be an intern versus someone applying for a full time role?
[00:09:39.440] Obviously, I think it's a lot less rigorous. Because when you are interviewing someone for an internship, they don't have a lot of experience. And working as a full time employee, when I am interviewing an intern, and I would like if I were I haven't interviewed an intern. But if I were like, hearing like, oh, they did this at this company and this elaborate project, I think you know that they're exaggerating a little and like,
[00:10:07.200] they might not have done, you know, they might not have done, you know, a crazy huge project, because you only have three months and half the time you're ramping up. So I think with that in mind, you are definitely grilled harder for a full time position than an internship. That's just my thoughts. Because I didn't re interview. So I honestly don't have a lot of credible sources on this.
[00:10:31.540] I think I think I do agree that the internship interviews feel less high stakes, especially like looking back on it now. Because you're like, okay, realistically, this person, this company is about to hire you for like, three months to potentially do like bitch work for them.
[00:10:52.120] They're probably putting up a very professional front. Like, yes, yes, this is a very serious and real interview. But probably in the back of their minds, they're just like, oh, is this person like a hard worker? Do they seem pretty legit? Do they seem like they'll fit in on the team, put in effort and learn. And I feel like that's probably what most people are looking for in interns.
[00:11:15.420] To be fair, also, it probably depends on your industry as well. I'm in design. And I did do like a marketing internship in the past. And I feel like, in those positions, it's like impossible to truly have had experience before. And you're not really going to get like tested on anything in your interview, mostly just behavioral questions. So it'd be like, okay, does this person vibe with us pretty much?
[00:11:40.980] But then like, for full time interview, it does feel much more serious. Because then it's like, okay, at least for like design, it's like, show me your portfolio, show me the projects you've worked on. What were your roles in them? Like, why are you a good fit? Why should we trust you with actually working with us nine to five every day? You know, so I guess there definitely is a bigger emphasis on like permanence with more full time roles.
[00:12:06.840] It's not just three months and this person is gone. It's like we actually have to get along for the next X number of years that you're going to be at this company. So can totally see how it's more serious.
[00:12:15.960] I guess it might be kind of different now in the post COVID world a little bit. But one of the distinctions that I remember from watching James and all of his like software engineer friends go through interviews back in the day, was that internship interviews were usually relatively casual as in like it was over the phone, maybe like a couple of technical questions, couple of behavioral maximum of like two to three rounds, something like that. And even that was kind of like a lot.
[00:12:44.440] And then I remember kind of junior year and like sophomore year summer, a lot of people were going through these interviews. And then suddenly when we were starting to do like new grad interviews in our senior year, I remember a ton of people getting flown out to do like on site interviews. Oh yeah.
[00:13:01.160] And I was like, that's so crazy. But now that we've like been in full time roles, it like makes more sense to me now. It's like, oh, you want to meet this person in real life and like kind of vibe check them face to face. But I just remember back then it was like a huge culture shock to even imagine getting flown out for an interview. True. True.
[00:13:48.560] Yeah. You both kind of mentioned for internships, especially it's like relatively surface level or like higher level questions. But when you're actually at the internship, there's kind of some sort of expectation, right? For you to onboard in a certain period of time. So how do you think that went for your internship? And I guess what's the difference now that you look back as a full time employee? I think it depends, again, on industry.
[00:14:14.260] And I keep going back to like the private equity firm because when I was an intern there, I was literally, as Crystal mentioned before, doing bitch work, where it was like data entry essentially for the whole summer. So onboarding took like a day. And, you know, it was just like very straightforward. So yeah, I guess it depends on what you're actually doing. When I was doing.
[00:14:38.000] I was doing at my current company that summer. It took me a while to even get familiar with the systems because it was such an established company. So that took a while. And then also understanding like how your piece of an internship and your project plays into what this team is actually trying to do.
[00:14:56.260] And realize that like, oh, hey, your work is actually going to be carried forward and not just like a three month and then stop. That was really cool. But in terms of onboarding, yeah, it definitely took some time because it was just like a behemoth of a company. Like it's huge.
[00:15:11.380] So I guess it just also depends on like size. So it took me a while. And I think your team, again, I think I was very fortunate with my team. They're very supportive. So you can ask stupid questions and they'll answer it. And they know that like, oh, you're here for three months. Obviously, you're not going to be able to grasp everything.
[00:15:28.840] So they were really supportive and helpful in that onboarding process, which is necessary because even as a full time employee, I was in a financial rotation program when I first joined. So what it was was it was two six month rotations and one year long rotation on the finance team.
[00:15:44.860] And even during my first six month rotation, my manager was like, this rotation is honestly just for you to get used to the company. Everyone knows that you're not going to be comfortable with it. And he was so right, because even during that rotation, it took me like four months till I was comfortable. And then I was like, oh, I only have two months left on this team. So I don't really know what you can achieve in an internship. You know, it's just so hard because there's so much to learn. And even to this day, like as a full time employee, sometimes I'm like, oh, why do we do that?
[00:16:14.140] Do that that way? Like you're still questioning things four years into a company. So I don't know. Onboarding as an intern is I think it's pretty overwhelming, but it's good if you have that like supportive team to help you, you know, answer questions and things like that. Oh my God, I totally know what you mean when you explain that because like my internships were kind of unique in that I actually didn't really make friends, I guess, like other intern friends, not not really.
[00:16:43.040] But I can completely agree with how like ever since I joined my current company as a full time employee, everyone always says like, oh, yeah, don't stress too much during your first year. Honestly, it takes like six months to a year to like truly understand the inner workings of the company itself and all the systems that we use and all that.
[00:17:06.780] Because like, as I mentioned, it's like a big tech company. So there's just like so much convoluted stuff in there and like processes where you're like, oh, OK, like didn't know this is how we go about this or just like, you know, little tips and tricks that you like don't even know until later. I feel like there's people who've been working on my company for like 10 plus years. And sometimes I'll be like, oh, wow, I like learned something brand new today. You can use this website to find this thing, you know.
[00:17:35.480] But yeah, I think like going back to internship stuff in one of my earlier internships, I think I was the only intern that summer, if not like one of two, maybe.
[00:17:47.080] It was this very small retail company called Brilliant Earth, actually. So they do like wedding rings and stuff like that. And I was on the marketing team. And because it was so like small and not many interns, I think onboarding was relatively quick because they're like, OK, guys, everyone put your heads together for this one intern.
[00:18:12.740] Like what are we going to have or do? So I had like kind of a schedule my first week, I think, where I was like, OK, Monday, meet with your team. We usually do our weekly meetings on Monday, so you'll get to see how we function. Tuesday, we're going to send you down to the ads person and they'll show you like how we run our online ads and like how, you know, all that online marketing works.
[00:18:38.140] And then like Wednesday, send you down to the like Google Analytics person. And then you can see how like they do their Google Analytics stuff. And then Thursday, go back to the original team that hired you and then talk about like what you're going to do over the summer. That one was really cool because I definitely learned a lot. The work that I did was mostly like observing people. And then the hands on work I did was kind of similar. It's like sort of data entry.
[00:19:04.920] So it's like you get to do some hands on work, but you're also learning on the side. It definitely is kind of interesting for me to hear this because going back to kind of like different industries. So the current company that I work for is probably a little bit more similar to like the retail company that you were talking about, Crystal. You know, it's relatively small, not a ton of employees, but a lot of work to get done. When I think about like onboarding, our team doesn't necessarily get interns.
[00:19:32.500] But, you know, there are times where there's a new person on the team and we need to onboard them. And I just feel like the experience of onboarding them and also having once been the person getting onboarded is just so different from what you guys are describing. Because I think at a smaller company, you just jump in. Week one, you have like shit to do. You have assignments to do.
[00:19:53.920] When I was the person getting onboarded, I was like, oh, like this is so cool because, you know, I can like immediately kind of jump in and make an impact. And then as I kind of grew into the roles, I was like, OK, like there's a lot of stuff to do, but at least I'm getting experience quickly, which is cool. But then when I was on the other side and like onboarding people, I thought it was kind of interesting because at one point it's like I'm teaching them stuff, which I think is definitely a big thing.
[00:20:21.780] Showing them the inner workings of our company, et cetera. But the other side of it is like I kind of felt like I was giving out like homework. And then I think the way that you give homework to there's like a way to go about it in like a productive way versus just like giving someone kind of busy work or like something that's too easy or too hard.
[00:20:40.620] So then, you know, going back to like the whole internship part of this world, I just want to know what kind of meetings go on before intern season happens and how companies go about like choosing assignments and like three month projects. Because like you said, Taneya, what can you really do in three months? But also at the same time, like there should be something getting listed on this intern's resume. Right. Dude, that's a good question. But I actually have never worked with interns, so I can't even answer it.
[00:21:11.240] Yeah, I think, again, when I interned for a startup, I think this was after my freshman year summer. The way that they created. OK, they didn't create projects. It was more like you said that we were just kind of pushed in to whatever they needed to get done. So over summer, it's not like we had this like project we had to present. It was more like, oh, reach out to these potential clients. So, again, it was like more out of necessity rather than like, oh, this is something that can actually help a bigger project we have planned.
[00:21:39.620] I guess I haven't worked with interns before, but I have seen conversations happen where someone is kind of like, we have a lot of work coming up. Should we consider getting an intern? Because it's like not super difficult work. That's like high level to the point where interns shouldn't be accessing this information. But it's like, you know, it could be good experience for like some young person who is about to enter the workforce.
[00:22:06.680] I've heard those kinds of conversations happen, but I don't know what happens after that because I'm not part of that team. Also at my current company, they have a very rigorous process of getting interns. Like if I know across the company, a lot of teams do want interns, but they need like a full three month plan written out for what this intern is going to accomplish and how this plays into what you're going to do with the work that they have finished.
[00:22:35.100] So it's definitely high in demand, but also there's quite a bit of screening, I think, that goes on. Not every team can just request an intern. I guess that makes sense for like bigger companies that have more structure. They're like, all right, we're about to try and hire like thousands of interns. So like let us know why you deserve one. Yeah, that's true. And I think like at big tech companies too, I guess it depends on the role of the internship. But some of the interns get paid a lot.
[00:23:04.720] Like their hourly pay, I know, for internships are sometimes higher than like the new grad full time hourly pay. So I know it can be pretty expensive, I guess, to hire an intern, even though they're only there for three months. But it's also kind of funny because so James works at the same company as you, Tanea. This year and also previous years, his team has gotten interns. I think they probably always had one.
[00:23:29.720] And sometimes like talking to him about it, it makes it sound like they're fostering like a person or something. A child. Yeah. Because, you know, he'll be like, oh, yeah, like our intern, blah, blah, blah. And then sometimes I'm like, oh, like, did you train your intern today? And he's like, oh, well, it's not my intern. Like it's someone else's intern. I'm like, oh, so it's like a big little relationship. Like, you know, like someone's like the adoptive mother. That's so funny.
[00:24:00.280] Actually, yeah, my team also has an intern right now. And they're helping with, again, like a bigger project that my team is already doing and something we're trying to accomplish by the end of the year. She's just contributing to what's already going to be done. So it's just like an extra pair of hands. I see. I guess like I had another internship experience that was also in a tech company, but it was a smaller tech company at the time.
[00:24:27.880] We actually kind of had a class of interns, but like my internship was kind of interesting because there was no one else in our department that had an intern. So it was like just me, the graphic design intern on this one team, while all the other interns are like, I don't even know. They were like business development or like something that I just didn't even know what was going on with.
[00:24:53.520] And then there were maybe two other interns that were kind of like me where they were in their own like department. So we bonded like us three people. We became friends. But that internship was very interesting because I didn't really have a project necessarily like during that three month time. It was more like we need a graphic designer on our team. There is a design team that already exists, but we want like an in-house designer for our team specifically.
[00:25:23.520] So what if we got an intern and made them do it? And then we could potentially like tell upper management that we need this position on our team. I think that was their game plan. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like for a lot of smaller companies, it's more, again, out of necessity rather than quote unquote development of talent. That makes sense. Yeah, that definitely makes sense. And I'm kind of curious because there does seem to be like a sort of spectrum, right?
[00:25:52.000] Of like we're going to kind of make this like an apprenticeship all the way up to like we need people, like we need more laborers basically on the team. So I guess for both of you guys, with your experience being on sort of different sides of the spectrum, how did that impact the pressure for your performance? So like how good you felt like you were expected to be at work? And also how did that impact the way you saw your work itself, whether it felt more like fun versus more high pressure?
[00:26:20.760] I think there's two kind of sides to this, because one, at that time when we were in college, these internships felt so important, right? Like they felt like they were going to elevate you to like the next level of life, which honestly, like looking back, you're like, OK, it wasn't that big of a deal.
[00:26:43.050] But I think because we had put so much importance on internships, just like societally, it felt like you really wanted to perform well because, oh, my God, like what if that company wants to invite me back for an internship next year? Or what if that company might even want to take me on as a full time employee later on after college? So because of that, there was a certain level of performance expectation for myself, I would say.
[00:27:12.990] Also, because you want them to like not feel like they fucked up hiring you as an intern. So definitely like tried to treat it as one of the most important things that was happening in my life because I was like, wow, I'm like basically an adult working right now. And I need to prove to these people that I can do good work. But I think they very rarely explain to you the way that performance reviews work, especially for like full time employees.
[00:27:41.450] Right. So you kind of just have no gauge. You just go like, OK, I'm just going to work hard. Maybe you don't really have like goals that would align with a specific job ladder because you don't know what that means yet. But it's just like I have a goal to do well to finish this project or, you know, like stuff like that. Yeah, I think mine is similar.
[00:28:00.290] Well, in the companies where I didn't necessarily have a project, it was more like self-inflicted, like I want to do well, mostly because I need like academic validation. So it kind of carried over to the real world. I was like, oh, I have this task, like you mentioned, Crystal, and I just want to do well. At my current company, when I interned here, it was again, we had a project. And at the end of the internship, it was being evaluated. And that determined if you were going to get a full time offer.
[00:28:29.750] And this was between like junior and senior year. So like if I got the full time offer, then I wouldn't necessarily have to interview again and go through that process. So it was very like desirable to get that return offer.
[00:28:41.350] So there's definitely a lot more pressure because the way that they had evaluated it is like after you finish your project, you have to write this doc, essentially document where you outline kind of what the problem statement was, what you did over the three months, how this is going to carry over after you leave and what improvements still need to be made, etc.
[00:29:01.510] And then they have your manager, your mentor, and then somebody completely outside of your organization come in, read that doc, and ask you questions. And then you leave the room and then they make the decision on whether or not you get a return offer or not. Oh my God. Wait, yours was so intense. Yeah. So again, so it was like the last three weeks of our internship, like all the interns were working so heavily on even the document itself because it was the one piece of evidence that you have.
[00:29:31.510] It was like the last three weeks of your work. It was like the last three weeks of your work that this outside person is going to see because your manager knows you well, your mentor knows you well, but they're not the final decision maker in your return offer. Wow. Yeah. So because of that, it was definitely a lot more pressure during that summer where I was like, oh my gosh, I really don't want to interview again. Like I have to do this. It definitely added a lot of pressure. Dude, that's literally like a final thesis or something.
[00:30:00.570] Like it was crazy. I didn't expect to be writing documents. This was a six page document. Oh my God. Oh my God. So it was a rigorous process, but also I think my company does things very differently than other companies. Like I think other companies have like presentations or things like that. But still, there was a high emphasis on getting that document well written and like proofread by your manager, by other people in your org to make sure it makes sense.
[00:30:29.630] Lots of emphasis on that final document. Dude, that's crazy. Yeah. Wow. I'm like low key glad I was never part of a giant intern class now because with that much structure and like that much of a end assessment, I don't know if I would have survived. Yeah. Because like you said, like you're hiring thousands of interns for that summer, but you can't hire all those people for full time. Like no way. The company doesn't have those resources.
[00:30:57.810] Now I'm starting to realize why it's such a rigorous process to make sure you have a good bunch of people that you're hiring for a new grad. I remember, especially during junior and senior year, but even during like sophomore year of college, I remember there were so many rumors, so many discussions about who got a return offer, who didn't.
[00:31:20.150] I still remember there was some person who was rumored to have gotten a full time return offer when we were sophomores, which was just crazy. And then I remember like junior to senior year summer. So like same as you, Taneha, like a bunch of people were kind of hinging on their internship, giving them a full time job so that the rest of senior year would be fun.
[00:31:41.770] And I remember hearing like, oh, did you know, like the entire insert city office of insert company, like didn't get a return offer? Like they're so fucked, blah, blah, blah. And just so many people were talking about it. And I guess because I was kind of like on the outside of this, like this wasn't like my world that I was trying to go into. Like I thought it was like very, very interesting to hear the rumors.
[00:32:04.270] It's funny that you mentioned how rigorous your current company conversion rate was because James went through the same thing and he was a fall quarter intern. And I remember I went, so he came to visit me like in September Labor Day. And then I went to visit him. I think it was something like early December, maybe like late October. And he had lost like 15 pounds because he was working so much that quarter. And it worked and he got the full time offer.
[00:32:34.530] But he I think he probably worked harder during the internship than like his current role now. And he works quite a lot now. So pretty crazy to think about, you know, someone being less than 22 years old going through something more intense than like a real job at the same company. I guess because it's like it really is kind of in that case, like securing your future of it.
[00:32:58.270] It's like, oh, if I can get this lined up for sure, then it just takes a load off your shoulders for the rest of your like senior year, as you said, Jisoo. Yeah. Wow. I like did not live that life. Dude, my internship experience was like so much more lax than that. I'm going to be completely honest. I think for me, though, I was also studying abroad fall quarter senior year, which is literally when you recruit.
[00:33:26.290] So that's why I was hinging on this return offer because I was like, I cannot recruit from abroad. Like that's going to be miserable. So that's why I need this to work out right now. I think my experience was like so much more casual. My internship for that junior year summer was the one that I mentioned. I was like the sole graphic designer for my team. I think they were just like, wow, this is working out really well.
[00:33:51.950] We love that you're able to like do the things that we wanted our intern to do. So would you like to just keep interning for the rest of the school year? We'll just take you on as kind of a contractor slash like whatever it's called. Just an hourly worker, essentially. They're like, we know you're in school, so it'll be totally chill. Like just work the hours that you can log it in the timesheet and we'll let you know if there's any like important thing. I was like, OK, sounds great.
[00:34:20.410] It's because it was like I was like if I'm interning during the school year, then maybe like after school, we'll figure something out for like full time employment. That was like the goal. Right. But yeah, it was like so much more casual. They're like, OK, cool. Sounds great. Like I'm gonna go hit up HR and we'll send you an email in like a couple of weeks. And I was like, OK, sounds good. That's nice.
[00:34:45.430] I mean, definitely for me during my internship, it wasn't all busy because the project itself, again, they're not going to give you something that you can't complete in three months. And if you're a good worker, like chances are you'll finish it and you'll finish it earlier. So there were times when I was just like playing ping pong with my friends. Like I definitely had those days, too. Like I wasn't grinding it out the whole summer. I'm glad.
[00:35:10.410] To me, that's kind of like one of the most iconic things when I imagine intern season. I have vague memories of watching the movie The Internship back in high school where, you know, they walk through some big tech company office. I think it was Google. Yeah. And, you know, people are like doing the most outrageous thing, like sleeping in nap pods. And, you know, there's just like all these crazy rooms and things like that. And I just remember one of James's internships, they did go to that baseball game.
[00:35:37.990] And I think like I don't think they were quite 21, but I guess like it was very easy to get alcohol back then. Or like, you know, just since there's like also full time employees and stuff. And I was just like, what kind of internship is, you know what I mean? I was just like you, I think you're just partying with your friends. Like this does not seem like real corporate culture. Yeah.
[00:35:58.730] And honestly, it kind of wasn't because during the internship, my current company, they put us in like corporate housing, which ended up being dorms at the local university. So everyone was just kind of together close by and like, you know, people would like get to know each other. So it was like an extension of college for that summer. So it wasn't fully professional.
[00:36:20.050] It was more like, oh, hey, this is a nice like break from school where we have like free time and free weekends to like, you know, explore the city, hang out. And so it was, again, that like lively atmosphere that was just brought throughout the summer. Dang, dude. All my internships were in San Francisco. So I just stayed at home and I took BART every morning. Me and my friend, we both had to commute to SF from East Bay.
[00:36:48.630] So we would text each other in the morning and be like, hey, you up time to carpool over to BART and like hop on BART. And dude, I think in the beginning of the summer, we were really good about it. But I'm not a morning person. So by the end of the summer, I was like, just go without me. I'll catch the later BART. It's kind of funny that you mentioned that because even during my internship, I remember feeling so drained all the time.
[00:37:15.650] That was the biggest difference from college is when you go to college and when you go to your classes, you have periods in between where you're like, oh, I'm just going to watch an episode of Netflix or I'm just going to chill out. But then your internship is your first experience where you're like literally brain on from like nine to five with like a lunch break or whatever, you know. So it's like by the end of that summer, I was so tired. And I was like, wow, I cannot imagine doing this full time. And yeah, here we are. Here we are.
[00:37:45.630] I want to ask a little bit more about that because I think you're right on the nose of like the thoughts of an internship or like going to work at this big corporation. When you're in college is probably way different from when you're a full time employee. So like if you had to compare and contrast your mindset towards work or like your outlook about the company, things like that. How has it changed since you were a student versus now? Oh, my God.
[00:38:12.490] Wait, this is actually really funny because when you're asking that, I'm like reflecting. And I was actually so proud to like be an intern and like go to work. I was like, dude, I'm like such an important person. I'm contributing to society. Like I have a job. Like I don't know what it was, but there was something so like self-fulfilling about it. Like it made you so proud.
[00:38:39.590] And I was like, I'm commuting to the city to like do my internship. I'm so important. My grown up job. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, I need to like try my best not to look too young and like look as professional as I can. I was like, can't look stupid in front of these adults, you know? Yeah. I think that was the general overall feeling because it's so new. And like you've never had an experience like that before because like compared to now, it's like, oh, great.
[00:39:06.650] Got to wake up early for like some 9 a.m. meeting, you know? Yeah. I think my perception has definitely changed since being in college because, again, like Crystal mentioned, you think you're doing the most important stuff as an intern. Like you're like, wow, I'm at this great company. They're going to use my work going forward, et cetera. Like, again, you're very proud. And I was very proud too.
[00:39:29.710] And now as a full-time employee, like not to get super like morbid or sad, but just like there are so many times where I've just been like, what am I doing? Like what am I contributing to society? You know, all things that don't matter. So it's more of like an existential crisis nowadays than it was when I was interning or in college. Because, again, you're like looking up to being, you know, a working woman, earning money, and that's like super exciting.
[00:39:58.890] And for others, it might still be where your job is like super fulfilling. But for me, it's more like, oh my gosh, none of this really matters. Nobody in this room actually knows what they're talking about. Like everyone is confused, you know? It's just, you just like realize that everyone is the same as you. Like, I don't know. I don't know how to describe it. Like we're much more jaded now. We're like, okay, yeah, this is just a typical workday. Sometimes we get an exciting project, but overall it's just like, yeah, this is just life now.
[00:40:30.030] There's something so sad about that. Like I get that it's very natural because new things are always exciting. And then old things, you get so accustomed to it. And I think it probably leaves more room for doubt and stuff. But like nowadays, when you see interns on your floor in your building, do you feel like, oh, you know, I was once you. Like I know exactly what's going through your mind. And does it make you kind of want to mentor them at all? Or do you just want to observe from afar and be like, you'll go through what I'm going through later?
[00:41:01.650] I think it's nice to mentor. I think it's fun. You know, I think whenever I have like these chats with these interns or even new grads now, I try to emphasize and I don't want them to like think like nothing matters. But I want them to know that if you make a mistake or if like something happens, it's not the end of the world. Because when I was starting off and even during my internship, I was like, everything has to be perfect. If I don't, I'll get fired or something ridiculous.
[00:41:29.090] When, you know, in reality, like people mess up all the time. You just have to be quick to respond. And it's like really not a big deal. And, you know, a couple days later, no one's going to really be thinking about it. So I think I want to get that in their heads where it's like, it's fine if you mess up. It's part of the process. It's okay. It happens. But it is nice to observe them as well because you're like, oh, you're so happy and joyful. Like, give me some of that energy.
[00:41:55.070] It's like when you said in the beginning of the episode, intern season is so lively. And now I'm realizing it. It's because they're so excited about their work. And everyone else, usually we're just like, yeah, another day at work. We're like dead inside. We need that energy, though, to like keep things alive. True. You're like, wow, they're so happy. Like, we were once like them.
[00:42:19.850] Dude, it's low-key cringe thinking back on how proud I was to be an intern. Love the usage. Love the application. But it was a happy time. I think like overall, at least in my specific experience, internship was like very fun, learned a lot and like pretty low stakes. I can't say the same for everyone. Clearly, today, this wasn't that low stakes.
[00:42:49.750] I still think like an internship over the summer or like whenever, it's like a pretty fun experience overall. Yeah, and I think you also meet if you are fortunate enough to have a cohort or like meet people. You also meet really fun people. And there's friends that I made during my internship that I'm still close to now. Like I'm going to be a bridesmaid for one of my friends that I made during my internship. Yeah. So it's just I don't know.
[00:43:16.950] It's a nice way to meet people from different schools and outside your like social circle in college, which was fun. I guess it's also fun because like today you got to intern in a different city for one of your internships, right? I sadly only interned at home, but I feel like it's like super fun just hearing about how you said like you guys got put into dorms and like it was a new city. You got to explore the new city for a summer.
[00:43:43.870] That is also like a super fun aspect of interning, I think, because it's not a permanent move, but you do get to spend some time. It's almost like studying abroad, except you're working. Yeah. But it's nice because you're making money so you can actually like explore and not be like, oh my gosh, should I eat out? True. Well, it has been super fun kind of listening to both of your experiences on internships.
[00:44:08.030] I find it absolutely hilarious that Taneo was like, yeah, if there's one thing I want to say to interns, it's that it's really hard to fire someone legally. So you're fine. And I think the other fun part too of intern season is like, you know, sometimes interns fuck up somewhat semi-publicly. Sometimes you get that occasional email in summer that's like test and the body is from like a big corporation. I'm like, that's an intern.
[00:44:33.950] So it's been super awesome talking to both of you guys about your experiences. If any of our listeners out there want to tell us about their internship experiences, then please hit us up. We have social media on Instagram at eatyourcrisppod and we also have email eatyourcrisppod at gmail.com. And don't forget to follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, wherever you listen to podcasts. We upload new episodes every Wednesday morning.
[00:44:57.990] And if you're a Spotify listener, be sure to check out our episode pages since we post a Q&A with our episodes each week. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.