[00:00:00.000] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust Podcast. I'm Jeesoo. And I'm Crystal.
[00:00:16.330] So the topic today is very near and dear to my heart. And I also feel like it's particularly relevant for like a cold winter day in February or March. And we are going to talk about our rot routine today. To specify, what is a rot routine to you, Crystal?
[00:00:36.030] Wait, I'm going to be honest. I don't know if there's a routine to it for me personally. If it's the weekend, it's like directly connected to just getting out of bed. But I guess there's like a slight routine if it's on a weekday coming back from work, getting comfy to like sit on the couch or be somewhere and mindlessly do something to recover.
[00:01:04.410] Dang, I feel like for me, I have some prerequisites for what makes a good rot session. Wait, let's hear them. Okay, one thing is, you know how you talked about like getting home from work, settling up on the couch? To me, that's not a full rot routine. I'm just unwinding. You know, I'm like, I deserve this.
[00:01:23.730] A good rot routine for me is chores are done. I have a good chunk of time. I'm talking like at least eight hours probably to like really sit there and rot. And I don't have to do anything after. So for example, if I had brunch plans with the girls, and then later in the evening, I have like post dinner plans, but I have all day to like hang out.
[00:01:48.770] To me, that's not a good rot day. Because I still have to get up and do shit later. Yeah, rot day to me is like, say I'm done with all my stuff at 12. And then I finished doing all my chores at three. And then I have that three to midnight time block. Like that's a good rot day. Okay, then what constitutes rotting? What do you do when you rot?
[00:02:12.170] Well, first of all, I cannot do anything productive. And it's intentional, right? It's not one of those things where I'm like, oh, man, I was so lazy yesterday. I should have done this like a good rot day is okay. Today I'm gonna rot. Don't ask me to do anything.
[00:02:30.010] And I feel like it requires a couple of things. And I feel like one of the most important prerequisites to is like, I need the house to be clean. So that way, I'm not rotting and also being like, damn, I really should be doing this one thing. I deserve this. It should be like guilt free. Yes, exactly. Like visually guilt free to Interesting. I was surprised to hear that you need eight hours to consider it to truly be rotting.
[00:02:59.750] Yeah, I immediately started calculating in my head. Say we get back from work and you're back home by like, maybe five 530, maybe six if there was a lot of traffic, then you don't have the full eight hours.
[00:03:13.970] That is true. But I think it's because after work, there's still a lot of stuff you have to do, right? Like for me, when I get back, I come home, I cook, we clean the kitchen, and then I'll like do some general tidying. There's probably like day to day things that I have to keep up with like my personal email or like, personal obligations. I shower, pack my bag, lay down. Even if I do it fast, I feel like that's already 830.
[00:03:40.930] Dang. Wait, okay, what about this? Let's say you did all the chores the day before. So the only real task left to do after you come back from work this one day is to like have a dinner. So let's say you came back and immediately just went to the couch to rot, but you had to get up to make food. Does that ruin the rot cycle? Yeah, 100%. But what if it was like girl dinner? Like you got up and you just microwaved something.
[00:04:12.350] Oh, oh my god, wait, even better. You had leftovers from the previous day that just needed to be microwaved. I mean, I think there are times where I'll like get back from work early and it's a chill day the next day and there's not a ton that I have to do that day where I am kind of like, oh, this was like a pretty good chill day. But for some reason, it doesn't feel like a rot day to me. A rot day is like a setup. It's like a mindset. It's a mentality.
[00:04:43.110] Okay, wait, I have another question then. Okay. So can rotting happen on Sundays? Oh, that's a great question. And the answer is no. Okay, I figured it out. Yeah. Unless the only exception is if I truly have nothing to do all day. And then the groceries have already been purchased. And then I have like a good 10am to like 6pm block and I'm done rotting by 6pm.
[00:05:11.490] Okay, I see what the thing is now. If you have like a big responsibility the following day, you can't rot. Yes, yes, exactly. So Sunday doesn't really work because you have work on one day. But if it was a long weekend, maybe.
[00:05:28.370] Yeah. So you bring up a great point. Long weekends are perfect timeframes to truly rot. And Friday nights, on the chance that you have no plans, maybe you're like a so is out doing stuff with his friends. That is like a really prime rot day. Because you still have Saturday to do all your shit, right?
[00:05:50.950] Yeah. Hopefully you got off early on Friday. So Friday is like probably the only week day where I would qualify it as like a perfect rot candidate. Interesting. So I feel like I've never really put a time limit on what I consider rotting. So I can rot any day. Oh, you're like free form.
[00:06:15.550] Yeah. I mean, there has to be like a minimum timeframe, I'm assuming, even if there's not like a high minimum. So what would you say is like your base? Probably three to four hours minimum. Yeah. Okay. Maybe if I were to just rot on the couch and watch like, oh, you know what, maybe it does have to be a little longer, maybe like four minimum. Okay.
[00:06:39.970] If I sit on the couch and can watch enough content that it feels like I binged a show or like maybe watched two movies consecutively, then it starts to really feel like, oh, nice. Like I rotted. Oh, okay. I can understand that for sure. Yeah. Do you prefer to rot by yourself? Or do you also sometimes enjoy rotting with someone else? Oh my god. Wait, I never even considered rotting with someone else.
[00:07:11.630] Oh my god. Wait, when you started saying that question, I was like, huh? You're like, what do you mean? Someone else can be here too? Okay, I think there's two aspects to this. One is that I don't live with my boyfriend right now. So I feel like there's not really a true opportunity to like both really just rot. Yeah. We try to hang out if we're together. Yeah, I don't know.
[00:07:40.630] Can you hang out while rotting? But I think the other thing is maybe if someone is semi-rotting, then the other person has to pick up the responsibilities if there are some. That is true. So it's harder. And I feel like everyone has a slightly different definition of rotting slash different things that they want to do when they rot. So if that doesn't align, then it might be hard.
[00:08:35.750] Yeah. Food items for me are like girl dinner or delivery food. Oh, smart. Like those are the only two options. I'll make one exception for frozen pizza. Oh yeah, okay. One, I don't want to be cooking and cleaning while I'm rotting. It's not truly a rot sesh. And even if you were to say like, oh, why don't you just cook a nice meal for yourself and then like do the dishes later? You know, that already breaks the like impending chore thing. Yeah.
[00:09:03.890] And two, to me, rotting like a good rot is about indulgence. It's like treating yourself. It's like letting yourself do what you want to do for a period of time. That's allotted to you. I cook pretty regularly on like a daily basis. So then I want to be absolved of that from time to time. And for me, a lot of the times when I rot, it is by myself. I'm not going to do like a whole thing just for me to eat. You know, like, yeah, that's a lot of work. Yeah. Dang.
[00:09:33.870] I didn't even think about takeout, but you're right. That's the perfect rot food because you don't have to lift a finger and then everything can go straight into the trash after. Yes, exactly. Exactly. Not a single utensil needs to be washed. Maybe like one cup. But I think for me, I'm always thinking of a meal because my rot sessions are, I don't know, six to eight hours plus. But for you, I know you did mention like maybe it might be closer to four hours sometimes.
[00:10:01.690] So would you prefer your rot day to have a meal or are you okay with it to have just like snacks or something more casual? I guess this is like the unhealthy part of my rot sessions. If it does, you know, go on to be a pretty long session, I get stuck in this loop of, oh, what should I eat? And then it's like, well, I don't want to think about that right now. Or like, I can't decide right now. You get caught up in whatever you're doing, right?
[00:10:30.450] Like watching something or like scrolling or whatever. So then, you know, you kind of blink your eyes and then you're like, oh, shoot, I need to eat a meal for well-being, basically. So there's a couple of things that I do. I always keep very easy, ready to make food in the fridge, just like frozen foods pretty much. Some like really easy ones, hot pockets. Oh, yes. Chicken tenders, like air friable ones.
[00:11:00.610] And I also have like microwave kimbap, which is like... Oh, that's a banger. Yeah. And I mean, of course, there's always a stash of ramen too. But as we've discussed, that would cause dishes. Right. And like even if you did just the pot and you ate out of the pot, that's still utensils and like a pot and a lid that you'd have to wash. True.
[00:11:27.490] And the problem with ramen is that used to be like one of my go-to frought meals because it's so easy. But the problem is it makes your like house smell. Oh, that's so true. And you have to like really ventilate the shit out of your place after. And I'm like, oh, God, that's a lot of windows I got to open. So I've also started straying away from ramen. I did try like getting some literal bowl ramens, the ones in the cups. And I was like, it's not bad, but it's just not the same.
[00:11:57.570] The package ramen is definitely better. Yeah. Yeah. I also had this phase, this very glorious phase where to truly maximize less work and stuff. I think I had hosted something at my place and then I had leftover paper plates. So every time I had to microwave or air fry something, I would just dump that shit onto the paper plate once it's ready. Oh my gosh. So I wouldn't have to do any dishes.
[00:12:26.950] Dude, that's hella funny. The day I ran out of my final paper plate. Yeah. It was a sad day. Damn, that's genius. I feel like I always buy like a 50 pack of paper plates or like a 20 pack or something when we host people. There's always like just a handful of plates left. So I just have like a stack of unused, unmatched paper plates in my closet. You got to use them. Just sitting there.
[00:12:56.920] You're so right, honestly. Yeah. You could put some hot pockets on them and microwave them. You could, you can air fry fries and then just put it in the paper plate. True. Well, what about like snacks? Do you have any go-to easy snacks for a good rot sush? I actually do have some snacks around. My favorite snack is like this one popcorn brand called Lesser Evil.
[00:13:22.960] I feel like that's a good one because they claim to use like pretty clean and natural ingredients. So you feel good about eating it. It's like guilt free. Yeah. You're like, this is healthy. Okay. And low key popcorn is actually like a great source of fiber. True. So there's some health benefits there. I've been really into this dried dragon fruit snack lately. Whoa. I know these all sound so healthy, which is weird, right? Wait, you're so like crunchy.
[00:13:54.400] But this is unintentional. They were just, they're just good. I was like, oh, this is kind of good. But the issue is that low key, a lot of snacks that I have, me and my boyfriend were joking about this recently. He was like, how come your snacks are so like laxative snacks? Dragon fruit makes you use the bathroom. And then popcorn, great source of fiber.
[00:14:24.330] So that's like helpful too. And then I actually also have a bag of prunes, which is like an old person snack. I know. But it's also really good for using the bathroom. You might be like an 80 year old grandma trapped in a 28 year old body. Yeah. Dried prunes? That's crazy. Yeah. You know what the thing is? Is it sugared at least? Yeah. It's like, it's the ones from Costco. So they're like, they're not quite dry. And they're like pretty sweet.
[00:14:54.290] They're honestly pretty good. But you shouldn't eat more than like three or four. Because then they'll truly be like laxatives. That's kind of compelling, actually. Because there's like a natural stopping point. You know, otherwise there's like dire consequences. Yeah. I think the thing is that I'm not like a huge snacker. So I just have like specific ones that I know I like.
[00:15:22.490] And then if I remember it, I'll like pull it out and snack on it a bit. But otherwise, yeah, I generally don't snack that much. So when you do snack with your three mentioned snacks, do you like to make yourself the little snack plate? Or will you just pull out the bags? No, dude. I just take this shit straight out of the bag. I'm like hugging the bag. I'm like sitting there. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:15:52.050] Do you make a snack plate? Well, now that I'm thinking about it, I feel like I have two different types of rot sessions. So there's the type that I was kind of talking about earlier where I'm like, oh, the house needs to be clean. And like, I have to be free of chores and blah, blah, blah. I feel like the free of chores part is actually universal with my two rot sessions. But there's like a rot session where I'm like a perfect, clean princess, you know?
[00:16:19.970] And I'm like, everything I eat needs to go in like a cute bowl. And like, you know, everything I put into my body has to be like really clean and like fun and like cute. And then I think there's like the other version where I'm like a gremlin, you know? Yeah. I am fine eating out of a bag. I'm just like in sweats, like curled up fetal. And my standards aren't very high for the rot session. So it's like the princess rot sesh. I'll make like a little snack plate.
[00:16:47.170] But if I'm a gremlin that day, I'm also just eating that shit out of a bag. But doesn't that mean you'll have dishes to do? Yes. Yes. Dang. So the sacrifice is necessary at that point though. Because it maximizes enjoyment, you know? Okay. I think my rot sessions are like all gremlin status. Like I have this giant hoodie, snuggie thing that I'll wear.
[00:17:16.270] And then I'll just like curl up on the couch in this big bundle of just blanket and like hoodie. I have a lot of really gremlin-y ones. I wonder what the difference is. Sometimes I'm just in the mood to be like, I don't know, like to really like burrow in somewhere and fucking rot. And other times I'm like, oh, okay. During my rot session today, I'll do a face mask. And I'll do this. And, you know, be like a perfect princess.
[00:17:44.910] Okay, dude, that's not a rot session anymore. That's like a spa session. One face mask is all it takes to be a spa session. Yeah, because you gotta wash your face and put the mask on. And then you have to get up later to like toss the mask and like pat everything in. That's true. Well, on a princess rot sesh, one of the things that I have to do to like really start it is to have a good shower. Okay, that's fair.
[00:18:13.270] But my gremlin ones, the cleanliness doesn't really matter to me. Like the shower comes at the end. Yeah. It can even come tomorrow. I feel that. Yeah. Yeah. Those gremlin ones I feel like are the best when it's like a Saturday and you truly have nothing to do. Yeah. You wake up and you go straight to the couch and the whole day is just rotting.
[00:18:41.830] And you're like, dude, I didn't even do anything today anyway. Why would I need to shower? Yes, exactly. The gremlin ones are funny too because sometimes I'll just literally keep the curtains drawn all day. Dude, wait, that is so me. And then the next day when I open the blinds or like sometimes James will come back and he's like, why is it so dark in here? And I'll open the blinds. I'm like, oh, it's too bright. Like you're letting in too much light. Wait, that is so me. That reminds me of my college days too.
[00:19:10.270] I would never open the blinds. And then one time I woke up, I was like, what time is it? Like it's dark day and night. Dude, I remember once in our group chat, you were like, I just woke up and it was like 5pm or something egregious. But the crazier thing is half of our group chat was also like lols same. Like anyone want to grab food? We just all met up and had breakfast at like 6pm. College was a different time.
[00:19:41.010] Okay, I have an important question now. Okay. What do you do in a rot session? Oh my god. I have like a whole carousel of things that I do actually. But it's always really like just a couple of things that I rotate. So one is I'll watch a show. I like to watch a couple of recurring Korean reality TV shows. So usually I'll like bank them up a little bit or like, you know, just sometimes life gets busy and I'm like, oh shoot, I should like catch up.
[00:20:07.870] And I'll just like binge watch it while playing whatever game that I'm playing at that moment. But the real favorite that I like to do when I'm rotting is to do that but audiobook instead of a TV show. So then I'll like listen to a full book while I'm playing a game. That's I think the perfect combination. Productive, dare I say. Exactly, right? Oh, so you actually don't really scroll TikTok?
[00:20:35.780] You know, when I have dedicated rot time, the enjoyment that I get from scrolling TikTok is diminished a little bit. Oh. I don't know why. Like TikTok hits really good at 11pm on a weeknight when I'm supposed to be sleeping. But when I carve out like, okay, this eight hours is to like do nothing productive. It's just like slightly less fun. So I'll do it but not like a dedicated session. Ooh, it's almost like when someone finally gives you permission to do something, you're like, okay, never mind.
[00:21:05.800] I'm not interested anymore. Exactly. Oh, okay, okay. What if you wanted to like rot and play a game, but that game has to be played on the computer? Is there a solution for that? Or it's an unroddable activity? Dude, that's a tough one. I will say I'm not someone who plays FPS games or even something like League of Legends, I
[00:21:33.100] feel like is something that I play extremely infrequently. So I don't have a ton of I have to play this game sitting on a computer. Because even games like TFT or, you know, Stardew Valley, or sometimes I'll play like mobile games on my phone, like all of that can be played on like a Switch or iPad. So I haven't encountered that much. However, I will say I have this really nice two monitor setup that is perfect for playing
[00:21:58.900] TFT because you can have your guide up on your left monitor, TFT up on like your central one. So when I was really into playing TFT like a couple years ago, I would actually just sit at my computer on rot days. Would you consider it still rotting? I would. It's like a necessary sacrifice. Nice. Because I was thinking about that, too. And I was like, I wonder if I the time I spend sitting at the computer to play games,
[00:22:27.280] if that counts as rotting sometimes, because I'm not gonna lie, dude, sometimes I sit here for a while. And I'm just like playing games. Yeah. The more I think about it, like after you said that, maybe you're right. Maybe it's not full rot. It's like a half rot, right? Because you're sitting up. Yeah, that's exactly what I was gonna say. Like you're sitting upright. There's a little more movement. Like you have to use your brain a bit. That's true.
[00:22:56.840] And sometimes when I'm sitting on my computer, even when I'm playing games or something, I'll occasionally do something productive on Google Chrome. Like open up my Excel or like open up my sheets and like check on some spreadsheets. Wait, that's crazy. What? Or like, you know, like your itineraries for like upcoming travel. Oh, I see. I feel like I'm more inclined to open it really quick because it's so easy on a computer. It's like the urge is there. You're like, oh, well, I'm already here. Might as well just double check. Yes. Yes. This situation.
[00:23:25.620] And then suddenly one hour later, you're like knee deep in activity research for travels or something. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's not a full rod. I think it isn't because the game TFT that you mentioned, I've been playing that a lot lately. And honestly, I do play it at the computer, but that's serious TFT. I'm like locking in, you know, I'm ready. I have all my resources. I'm paying attention.
[00:23:51.560] But you can play that on mobile as well or like an iPad or something. And so when I'm like in bed or like on the couch and playing it on mobile, I'm like, oh, well, you know, this is like mobile. I can't lock in. So like I don't really play ranked on mobile and I just kind of play to mess around and just have fun. It's harder to, as you said, look up resources if you need it, like comps, item details or something like that.
[00:24:20.880] So you're kind of just like, we're just having fun and winging it right now. That's true. There's like more of a casual sense for me as well when I play TFT on mobile. But it is more comfortable too. You're like, oh, yeah, I get to like rot basically. Now I'm like, is rotting just laying down for a long period of time? Maybe. Okay. Where is your favorite place to rot? My bed. A hundred percent.
[00:24:49.540] Because our bed has like the softest sheets and the like whatever thread count, like cotton. It's unbeatable. I love my couch, but it's just not the same. It isn't. Yeah. However, I will say if you lay in bed for a long time and you rot, I feel like something starts to hurt. Like my back starts to hurt or like my neck or like sometimes my arms will start to seize up or something. So then I will move settings.
[00:25:18.520] I'll go on like a little business trip to the couch. But your arms don't seize up on the couch? God, I don't know. Dude, so I've been playing a lot of like Nintendo Switch, right? Yeah. And my forearms literally start to get like tingly when I play too long. Oh, yeah. And I was like, is this normal? I get that too. Right? And I think it's worse because you're in like this specific position with your arms bent a certain way. And sometimes I'll play like laying down on one side, but whatever side that's getting
[00:25:47.820] crushed by my body starts to like really feel tingly. So then I'll move to the couch because then you can kind of lay down, but have cushions under. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Lay down in like a sitting up way. Okay. Okay. I see. Dude, you know what you should get? There's like these wedge pillows made for rotting in bed. For that position specifically too. And then instead of putting all the weight on your arms. Yeah. You kind of put it like it's spread across your like body.
[00:26:16.900] Dude, it's funny that you say that because I just ordered two pillows. Oh my God. For our bed. I was like, I need more pillow. I need more buffer. Yeah. Are you also a bed rotter? Absolutely. Absolutely. I am 100% a bed rotter. There are days where it's like, did I even leave the bed? You check your step count and it's like two. Yeah.
[00:26:47.080] Wait, actually. There's definitely days where the step count is so low. I'm like, yeah, these might've only been the steps to the bathroom. Yeah. Been there. There's just something so nice about being in bed and you wake up, you're already warm and cozy in bed. You don't need anything else. Like your devices are already near you.
[00:27:12.480] And I also have like a projector in my bedroom so I can watch TV if I wanted to. Yes. So it's just, it's all there, you know? Like, why would I need to leave? So you never take a business trip out to your couch? I think if I do, it might be for a specific reason. Maybe I'm like, the TV's better outside. So this is like a serious movie. I should watch it on the better screen. Maybe it's like, oh shoot, you know what?
[00:27:42.380] I didn't bring my iPad in last night. So I have to go out and get it. But there is a very specific reason for going out as well, which is if I want to like play console games, then it's like, okay, that's hooked up to the TV. I would have to be out on the couch. Okay. I have a question for you. Yeah. When you are being a bedrider and you're on your bed, do you keep your door open or closed?
[00:28:12.220] Your bedroom door. Whoa. That's a really good question. I might keep it closed. Whoa. The whole time? You know what? There might be a time limit. I think if it's still considered morning to me, which is up until 1 p.m., then I think I close the door.
[00:28:39.330] But once it hits like, oh, maybe I should be eating a meal right now, then I might leave the door open. Like I'm allowed to go outside into the world. The gate has been open. What about like nighttime? What if it was like 10 or 11 p.m.? Oh, closed for sure. Okay. I'm closing myself to the outside world. It's like a signal. Truly.
[00:29:08.290] I think I'm exactly the same, actually. Like door open from when I wake up till like 8 p.m. or like 9 p.m. Then as soon as it's like dark outside, I close the door. Yeah. Because it's like now it's ritual time. Very true. True. I think also going back into your bed at night, there's kind of the intention to like eventually all fall asleep and end the day.
[00:29:36.230] So I think that's also why it's like close the door because I sleep with my door closed. So it's just like part of the nighttime routine kind of. Yeah, I feel that. Also, I'm like afraid of the living room sometimes when it's like dark or when I'm the only one at home. I've always been like this every house that I lived at. So when it starts to get dark, I'm like, oh, okay. Time to like be nice and safe from the monsters in this bedroom. Wait, that's so true.
[00:30:03.850] Like if someone were to break into your house, you need that extra barrier. So true, dude. Do you think other than the couch and the bed, is it even possible to have another option for a rotting location? Um, someone else's couch or bed? Okay. How about this? Like what if it was a like a lazy boy? Ooh, that's a lovely rot location.
[00:30:33.290] But I guess that's like an extension of a couch, huh? Yeah. It's actually just like a combination of a couch and a bed. Okay. I have a question. Are you like open to contact during like a deep rot sesh? Oh, that's a really good question. I actually definitely do not use my phone that much. Or I mean like not answering texts because I might be on my phone.
[00:31:01.810] But yeah, I think I'm like, I'm like, don't bother me. It's like a do not disturb sign is on. Yes. A hundred percent. It's truly like I'm occupied by rot and I will get back to you after my session is over. It totally breaks the flow sometimes. It does. And I think there are good time break points where I will go and respond to someone. When I'm eating my meal, I will like respond to some texts.
[00:31:30.250] Or when I'm actually like about to sleep, I will open my phone and respond to people. Yeah. But right in the middle of my really, really good rot session, I'm like, don't contact me. Yeah. I'm definitely the same. You know, you're absorbed in what you're doing. Yes. Even though it might be mindless. Yeah. Oh, for me, it's a hundred percent. But I was thinking about it.
[00:31:58.610] And to a certain extent, I think this age and this time period is where we can get the most satisfying rot sessions. And if someone were to have kids, you would just be so occupied, you know? Yeah. So lately, I've been thinking like, I need to like really enjoy and like capitalize on any rot time that I can. Because right now, it's like a normal part of my weekly or monthly routine. Maybe more like monthly.
[00:32:26.410] But you know, you might not always have time for it. That's so true. Oh my God. You know, I had another thought. When you mentioned that like rotting is kind of part of your monthly routine. I realized there is an aspect. I mean, I guess it's not quite rotting, but it's like kind of on the similar line as being able to do this now, as you mentioned, as well as like it's time for your body to like recover and like take it easy.
[00:32:53.450] One thing is every week I have to have like one to two days where I can sleep in. And in a sense, that's almost like rotting, right? It's just like you're letting yourself indulge and sleep some extra hours. I feel like that's really crucial to my weekly routine. And if I miss it, I'm like really grumpy the next week. And you're so right.
[00:33:17.010] Like if you say like I were to have kids or something, then sleeping in would be next to impossible, at least for those first few years. Yeah, that's so true. I know there's something about like on a day to day basis, I can go without this much sleep or like this much whatever. But on like a weekly level, if it doesn't all balance out to like a certain standard, I totally feel you on like it ruining my next week.
[00:33:45.590] I'm trying to imagine what a rot session would look like as a parent. And I actually have some childhood memories where I think maybe like once a month or something, we would have like a family rot sesh. Oh my God. Where we would all like lay on the couch and watch TV and just like hang out and like snack and eat and chat for like the entire day. Wow. And we would like get takeout and just like eat on our coffee table.
[00:34:12.590] And we were just like all like, yeah, it was literally just like a family like group rot session, you know? That's nice. So I was like, maybe once the kids are older, like you're able to do things like that. But they have to be past the bored, crazy toddler stage. True. Dude, that brings us back to the one of the first questions you asked. Like, is it possible to rot with people?
[00:34:36.670] I guess the possibilities are endless, but you just have to create a new standard of what rotting is. You know, that's true. Rotting by myself looks so different from rotting with my husband or rotting with my parents. Because like then you have to like interact with these people. Yes, but it's low stakes. Like, you know how in a regular hangout, you're like hanging. And then when you like talk about something, there has to be like this intense back and forth.
[00:35:04.470] Not to make a fucking conversation sound like a battle, but there is like a standard of like, okay, you have to like also be committed to this conversation. I feel like a good rot session, that standard is a lot lower. You're just musing. You're just vibing. I see. I see. So have you rotted with your husband? Oh, yeah. How does that look like? It's like a combination of duo time, solo time.
[00:35:34.970] Like a lot of the prereqs and stuff are still there. But we'll go on our phones and like do things individually for like 20, 30 minutes. And then we'll turn over and like hang out and like watch something for 30 minutes. And then we'll turn back over and do our own shit. It's like a back and forth. So if you feel like you're craving that alone time again, like you just do it. Is this intriguing to you? Does it make you more open to a duo rot slash? Oh, I don't know.
[00:36:03.550] Well, the issue is like, I feel like I just wouldn't interact. You're like, oh, you could toggle the like individual and together time. I want 100% individual. Like I would just be a lump there, you know? They can try to interact with me. And I'll probably respond a little bit. I mean, fair enough.
[00:36:31.910] Maybe the closest thing would be like if I saw a funny meme, I'd be like, oh my God, look at this. And then I'd go back to my rotting. You like airdrop it to that. You don't even say anything in real life. Like that's genius. Honestly, maybe that just means a good rot session to you is like a very sacred alone time thing. I think that's also completely fair too. Yeah, honestly, maybe.
[00:36:57.310] It's definitely like a recharge, no one bother me time. I guess that's true because I am an introvert. So that's like the true, you know, recharge time. Right. Let me ask you this since you're an introvert. Do you think there's a ideal cadence for how often you have a good long rot session? So if you have a ton of rot sessions in one month, is it too much or is it never too much? Oh my God. It might be okay.
[00:37:28.180] Damn. Okay, I think it also depends. You probably want a little bit of human interaction, but like you can get that at work. Yeah. So I feel like low key if I didn't hang out with friends for a month and just like rotted all month and rested, I wouldn't be that bothered.
[00:37:59.260] But I think it would be a little different if it were like other people are actually, they're still hanging out. Someone had a birthday, but they just didn't invite me. That's a little fucked up. Yeah. And I'm talking like, you know, closest friends here. It's like, wait a second, just because I'm rotting doesn't mean you don't need to invite me. But if it was just like, oh, it just happens that this month everyone's busy and we didn't find time to get together.
[00:38:26.120] I probably would be like, okay, more time for me. Even just in our friendship, there's been times where sometimes you and I will go into like a month long rot. Like sometimes it's just accidental, like other people are traveling or whatever and you and I are like, oh, fuck yes. And then we'll like see each other after like a month of rotting. And I can just tell you're like glowing. Oh my God. That's so funny. But okay.
[00:38:53.840] Actually, you're probably right though, because I'm sure if I had to hang out with people consistently once or twice a week for a whole month, I'm sure my appearance is like more and more haggard every time. Like the dark circles coming out. I notice when we hang out a lot, if the cadence is really frequent, you start to say like, okay guys, should we go home? Like a lot of hangouts.
[00:39:23.640] And I think when you have like more time to rot in between the hangouts, you don't do it as often. Oh my God. It's so funny. I like recently was thinking about it. Wait, I think you're so right actually. Oh my God. That is such a good point. Because even just recently, there was a period of time where we saw each other like every week and you're so right. By the end, I was like, guys, like it's a time to go home.
[00:39:55.220] It's a good observation. Yeah. I feel like for me, it's a little different because I am more extroverted. So I thrive a little bit more on that like social energy sometimes. So if there's too long in between hangouts, I'll start to go crazy a little bit. You're like someone taking me out of this cave. Yeah. And you know what I realized? I think physically I enjoy rotting. I like just like laying there and doing nothing. Yeah.
[00:40:24.320] But I think mentally I can't handle it. So even though my body wants to continue rotting, I just start to go mentally insane. So I don't even know that I want to break the rot. I see. But I need to for my sanity. Yeah. You're like, oh, that's weird. I'm in like a bad mood, even though I'm doing things I love. I'm like, why does this game not bring me joy anymore? I see. That makes sense. Yeah.
[00:40:51.860] I think that can happen to me too, but my tolerance is probably a little longer than yours. But yeah, it's like at a certain point, you're kind of like, okay, maybe I should see some humans and like have some real interactions. Yeah. Like, do I need to touch grass? Yeah. Yeah. And like stop talking to these NPCs. Exactly. Exactly. So I would have to guess that my sweet spot is maybe like once a month or twice a month
[00:41:21.760] if I've been like super, super busy. Dude. Okay. Yeah. We're like kind of different. Because if I had like a busy month previously, low key, I'm just like, guys, don't bother me for the next month. Like, I'll see you next month. Dude, I feel like our listeners think you're joking. But no, this is something that Crystal actually says to our group chats.
[00:41:49.090] I think like the biggest thing was when I first moved back from New York and I was like, wow, I'm like exhausted. And I was like, guys, just next month. Okay. Like, I'm so tired. Dude. But if I think about it, February has been kind of a rotting month for me. But we have hung out a couple times. But as like a whole, this month is a rotting month. We were actually just talking about this yesterday.
[00:42:17.170] Like Jan and Feb tend to be prime rotting months for us where we hibernate a little bit and it's okay because everyone else is also hibernating or traveling. But for some reason this year, it's felt more busy. But you're right. I think it's like a good mix of busy, but also has healthy rotting days, which is great. Wait, then like how many times is too much rotting for you within a month? I feel like it can't be more than like three times.
[00:42:47.150] You also have to think that I count a rotting session as like eight hours plus. Right, right. That's true. So then if I'm spending more than like three full days doing nothing but laying there, like playing video games in a month, that's kind of excessive. Okay, fine. I guess that's fair. Three is probably like my absolute max. And I guess also because you're limited, you could only really do yours on the weekend or like a Friday.
[00:43:15.290] So at most three weekends can be super restful, but at least one weekend has to be like social or productive. Yes, exactly. So I want to ask you the inverse of that question because you are an introvert. How many hangouts is too many in a month? Oh my God. Okay. In the Bay Area, dude, if we're hanging out like every week, that's kind of crazy.
[00:43:42.670] I just feel like the tempo here is slower, you know? We usually don't hang out every single week. Some of the weekends need to be for like cleaning and resting and gathering yourself. Yeah, that's right. But it's kind of different because there's different friend groups or like your SO's friends are also here.
[00:44:06.670] So in terms of total, you know, hangout count, is there like a limit to how many you could do per week, you think? I actually think I view it as if in a week, I don't have at least like two to three days where I can just be me and like rot or like, you know, do nothing. That's like not okay. And you're counting like weeknights post work.
[00:44:35.810] Yeah, I think if I feel like a week was so busy, I didn't have alone time or time to like recharge. I literally also become grumpy in the next week. That's fair enough. Honestly, even as an extrovert, I totally feel that. And I feel like that's why our rot routines are so important because as much as it's like us just like they're eating girl dinners and like playing video games. It also helps us recover and be us.
[00:45:05.530] So thank you, Crystal, for diving into your rot routine with us. And for any of our listeners out there, if you have interesting things you do in your rot routine, then feel free to let us know. We have email eatyourcrispod at gmail.com. And we also have Instagram at eatyourcrispod. And don't forget to follow us on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, wherever you listen to podcasts. We upload new episodes every other Wednesday. Morning. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.