[00:00:00.270] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust podcast. I'm Jeesoo. And I'm Crystal. Okay, this is kind of unrelated to everything, but I feel like in our past maybe like three episodes, I sound sick in them.
[00:00:27.670] And I just thought that was a funny coincidence. Just happens to be whenever we record, I'm a little congested. Crystal's not being honest with you guys. This is her new voice. It's just stuck like this forever. Oh God, I hope not. Actually, that could be a pretty decent transition into our real topic this week, which is big fears. We thought it would be kind of funny to do an episode dedicated to irrational fears.
[00:00:57.190] We're going to keep these fears to be like kind of out of the ordinary fears today. So not social anxiety or interpersonal relationships or fears about worthiness, that kind of stuff. These are like, I'm scared of the dark. I'm scared of getting murdered. Those kinds of fears. And all valid fears, I hope people can agree. Out of the ordinary, but very normal and valid. Yes, yes. Honestly, I'm still scared of the dark in some aspects.
[00:01:26.750] I think it actually took me a while to like stop sleeping with a nightlight. I think the dark plus additional fears, it like multiplies the fear factor. True. So an example could be like, currently I live alone. So sometimes when it's just all dark and you're just by yourself, it's like, oh God, anything could be in this dark. We need some light here. It's kind of funny because it's like, would that really help if things came down to it?
[00:01:56.670] I saw a Reddit thread that talked about the fear of the dark actually. And I, like you, usually keep a nightlight on. And it took me a really long time to like get used to sleeping with it off. Right. And I was reading a thread about that phenomenon. And someone was like, you know, when it came down to it, if an intruder came into your house and you guys were kind of battling out a hide and seek in the dark, you would have the advantage because you know what your house looks like.
[00:02:23.630] And the intruder would need the light to kind of gauge what the layout looks like. And I was like, damn, I guess it's true, but it doesn't make it any less scary. Yeah. I don't know. Because you could hide still. And if they have a light, they'll probably try to check everything. Unless maybe you can fit in like the cupboard. Yeah, I guess the hope would be like if the light was off, you might know some of the nicks and crannies of your house that the intruder would not know. But I don't know.
[00:02:51.730] I feel like they would have a flashlight anyway. Yeah. I guess maybe you could hide somewhere and like trip them. But then like if you're in a nook and cranny, like it's going to take a second to get out of that. Yeah. Yeah. It's like some home alone type of. But do you think that is a big part of your fear of the dark? Potential home invasion or like someone in the house? Or are there other things associated with it? Okay, this is kind of stupid.
[00:03:19.370] But yes, part of it is, you know, the unknown. Like what if someone's lurking in the dark that you aren't aware of? But then another part is like supernatural shit. You know, what if there's ghosts or weird, unexplainable things going on? I don't know. It's just worse in the dark. Yeah, I guess that's true. I wonder if we were kind of conditioned to this kind of stuff. Because most horror movies that we watch growing up, all the bad shit happens in the dark. Exactly.
[00:03:49.610] What is it like the devil's hour from like The Conjuring or something? It's like 2am. And I'm like, shit, that's like when I'm awake sometimes. Yeah, supernatural stuff is definitely a little scary. For me, I think my fear of the supernatural is directly correlated to how much supernatural content I'm consuming. If I haven't read spooky ghost stories or watched like a horror movie or something in a while,
[00:04:16.370] it's like bottom of the queue of my fears, you know? I'm probably more scared of, I don't know, taxes or fucking other real life stuff going on. But there will be times where I'll like binge a bunch of horror movies back to back. Yeah. And then I start to get a little bit freaked out. Okay. And also you like love horror movies. So this is like not adding up for me. I think I enjoy the fear. It's like controlled fear. You know what I mean? Is it though?
[00:04:44.990] It's like, it's kind of like how people like going on roller coasters. The theory is a lot of people have a fear of falling off a cliff. But if you do it in a controlled way where you're strapped onto like metal, maybe you feel like you have control over the fear. I can see that. But then like after a horror movie, do you not like go home and then spiral in thought and then it becomes much bigger and no longer controlled?
[00:05:12.810] I do get the feeling where, you know, like after a horror movie, you're like walking down your hallway or something. Yeah. And then you briefly hesitate and then you like sprint towards your bed. Like I do get that. But I think I kind of enjoy that thrill. What? Okay, I see. I mean, I don't know. I think fear is kind of to an extent, it's enjoyable. And that's why people are attracted to this stuff, right? It's like a rush. Maybe.
[00:05:40.750] Regarding these kinds of, you know, thrillers, honestly, even if it's not supernatural, sometimes freaks me out too. Because I'm the type to like go home, really think about this movie or show that I just watched. And then I start applying it to my life. Like, oh my God, what if I were in that situation? And I'm like, oh God, what if something like that were to happen? And next thing you know, my room is haunted. It's not safe in here. Okay, I actually have an example. And this one's not supernatural.
[00:06:10.850] When I was, maybe I was in junior high or high school, I watched the movie A Beautiful Mind, which deals with schizophrenia. And I think this was like the first time I really saw like an example of schizophrenia in media. So it really freaked me out. I went back to bed that night and I like thought about it a lot. I was like, oh my God, this disease is like crazy. It made this guy do all these crazy things. And it was all just in his head.
[00:06:40.590] I started thinking like, oh my God, what if I have schizophrenia? But I just don't know. And you wouldn't know because it's all real to you. And so I literally couldn't sleep for like three days. I know, I can definitely relate to that. Like there are certain things that just trigger like a specific type of fear. It's not like enjoyable. It's just like I straight up spiral for multiple days. So that kind of stuff I don't touch.
[00:07:05.290] And I think maybe that's why I enjoy being scared of things that feel a little bit less real to me. For example, I think I've shared on this podcast before, but the concept of infinite death is like extremely scary to me. So if I think about that for more than like 30 seconds, I start to feel really lightheaded. And then I have to do grounding techniques of like five things you can touch, four things you can see. Oh no. So then content about that,
[00:07:32.950] content about like deep spirituality and like reincarnation and stuff like I can't do. However, things like ghosties and like, you know, home invasions, that stuff I do kind of enjoy consuming. So maybe it's about picking your battles. I see. What battle can you win? So you're like, wow, ghosts means not infinite death. I can handle this. Yeah. I can handle a scary visual. I can't handle absence of life, you know?
[00:08:02.550] Okay. Dude, but like, don't you ever close your eyes and that scary visual comes up and then you're like, dude, this is not good. I'm not safe with my eyes open or with my eyes closed. No, I mean, maybe it's because I don't live alone. I don't know. Oh, ghost stuff. Supernatural things. Movies with jump scares, I think affect me less psychologically. I've trained that, you know, like a muscle. But I still do get really scared if I listen to too much true crime stuff.
[00:08:31.890] Because that's like pretty real. Yeah. And sometimes it's like close to home or like you can easily imagine like, oh, this one girl was walking through her neighborhood. And you're like, dude, I live in a neighborhood. Okay. That is fair. And I think to your point of living with someone else, you're right. That does help a bit. But when I was living with my parents, I think it was a little better, but they're still in a different bedroom.
[00:09:00.710] So things could happen isolated in my bedroom, you know? Evil things could be going on. That's true. But I totally agree with true crime being really scary. There was this one book that I read, I think in college, I'll Be Gone in the Dark. And I remember, Jisoo, you also told me in college, you're like, oh, I like to read true crime books sometimes. There were like a lot of good reviews about this book. So I read it. And then I was like, Jisoo, you should read it. It's pretty good.
[00:09:28.690] But I remember I said something like, but I've only been reading in the daytime because it's kind of scary because it's like in California and we're in California right now. Yeah. Yeah. I almost feel like to consume stuff like true crime, I prefer if it was like in a different continent or something. Like when it's in the US, it's a little too close to home. Yeah. What if it was in the US, but like on the East Coast? I guess that's okay. Or it has to be like a different type of environment. Okay. Currently I'm in the suburbs.
[00:09:59.050] Right. So then maybe if it's in a city or something or like somewhere really, really rural, I'm like, okay, this is a little bit removed. But so many true crime events happen in the suburbs and it's pretty scary. I mean, I guess it makes sense. Like suburbs, you have space for your tools and like you have cars, you have everything you need, I guess. There's less eyes maybe. Oh, true. Yeah.
[00:10:27.090] And there's more like forests, pieces of nature around. That's very true. And I don't know, I think to an extent I used to delude myself because I would read true crime on threads. So like I would read like Korean true crime or like, you know, little bite-sized stories that depict what happened. Yeah. And then people would have short and sweet analysis about it. And I would read that and be like, I'm reading this because it's going to help me.
[00:10:55.490] This info will come in handy in the future. But I think it didn't really. Like all it did was heighten my sense of fear and maybe I became like more aware as a person. But I think it just like really freaked me out. I don't know. There's this one story that really freaked me out as a kid. To this day, I'm not sure if it was real or not. But the gist of the story is that there's this Korean student walking home after class and it's really late.
[00:11:22.590] She like senses a really scary guy walking close behind her and he follows her into the elevator of her apartment. So she's like hella scared, right? And she's like, I'm going to try to make conversation with him or something. Maybe it's not that bad. She like attempts it, but there's no small talk. So in the elevator, she's like, okay, I'm just going to try to get home as fast as possible. So she hits floor 16 and then he goes and hits 15. And she's like, oh, thank God, at least he hit a floor.
[00:11:51.450] Like he's not just trying to follow me home. They get to floor 15. The doors open. He heads out and then he turns around and she sees a knife in his pocket or something. And then he starts sprinting upstairs. I think at the time, like you couldn't unclick elevators or something. So she's just waiting that next 20 seconds just in fear, you know? So that story never left me. And to this day, whenever I'm in an elevator, like especially in Korea at like nighttime or something,
[00:12:20.670] I'm like always looking like where people are clicking. You're like, you better not choose the floor right under me. And it's like stuff like that. That's like a bite-sized story that I feel like really sticks with you. That is pretty creepy. Wait, sorry. You look so scared. Sorry. I'm just like envisioning it happen. Like what would you do? You like can't do anything. I guess you would have to hit the like... Oh, emergency stop? Yeah, yeah.
[00:12:50.990] And just hope for the best. Okay, that's fair. You're like stuck there. They're waiting. And then you can call the police from the elevator. Yeah. That feels better. It's like it's just a normal guy. He like has some packages to open or something. Yeah, these like realistic scary stories always have an extra layer of scariness to them, I think. Just because it's like more plausible.
[00:13:15.810] But I do think that maybe some stories have helped without us even realizing. Okay, I think there's also this pretty famous creepy story. And I'm sure you know it because I think it's from Reddit No Sleep. Some dude's driving along this road at night and he's like both sides is just like forest. He sees like a hurt person or something on the side of the road and then he stops.
[00:13:41.450] And then like all these people start coming out from like the forest or something. Right? Yeah. And then from that I learned, yeah, you should like not get out of your car in such situations. True. Honestly, that's like an actual safety concern. Yeah. Especially if you're like just a girl and it's like hella dark. I guess I would be like remove yourself from the situation and then call 911 or something.
[00:14:08.930] But yeah, it's so funny that you bring up that story because I have this distinct memory where I used to go like stargazing with one of my close friends. And we would obviously go at nighttime because that's when you can see the most stars. And the like drive up the mountain is hella scary. So then I would always tell her scary stories that I knew including that one. There's like a cult that lives in the forest. So like blah, blah, blah. And I just remember like we were like screaming like driving up the mountain. Why?
[00:14:38.130] You're just trying to see some stars and you're like, dude, guess what? But, you know, I have to say when it's dark, I just have this urge to like open my treasure box of scary stories. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. There's also another famous one. The one where the girl's driving home and then there's a car following her and she's freaking out a little bit. But the car keeps like high beaming her randomly. And she's like, what the fuck? She finally gets home. The car has followed her the whole way.
[00:15:06.570] She's about to get out and be like, yo, what the hell? And then the dude's like, there's like a man in your backseat with like a knife. And I've been high beaming every time he like gets up to kill you. Oh, my God. Dude, that one freaks me out. Yeah, that one makes me always check my backseat at night. Wait, you're so right. I also always check my backseat. Which is probably a good habit to have. Like what if someone did break into your car? There's a lot of car related scary stuff.
[00:15:34.190] I think I saw this might have just been like a PSA or something. Not even a scary story. There's something about people hiding under like the bottom of someone's car and like slashing ankles. Wait, I freaking heard about this before. Dude. So then every time I like walk home or something, I'm always like hella fast. Like you can't even see my feet. Wait, I was literally talking with some co-workers and we were like talking about what we're paranoid about.
[00:16:01.430] And one of my co-workers brought this one up and I was like, wait. Okay, actually, when they brought it up, it was the first time I heard about it. So since you brought it up this time, I was like, wait, more than one person knows of this. The ankle slasher. Yeah. He's out there. Oh my God. Speaking of checking under stuff. Yeah. There's also another scary story that I've heard. And it's a story about a pair of sisters. And one of the sisters was already home. The other sister came home and was like, hey, what's up? Blah, blah, blah.
[00:16:31.110] But then the sister that came home suddenly was like, we should go out. Like we should go out to the convenience store. Like let's go grab food. And the other sister who's been home is like, wait, there's literally food already home. Like let's just hang out here. I don't want to get up. Yeah. The other sister was like weirdly super insistent. So she was like, finally like, okay, okay. Like we'll go. And then the sister like dragged her out. Right. The moment they like stepped out of the apartment, she was like, dude, I was trying to like rot. Like, why are you fucking dragging me out?
[00:17:01.210] And then the other sister was like, did you not see the man under the bed? And then they like called the cops and actually like got that man arrested. And I was just like, dude, always put shit. Like I have hella stuff under my bed. So I'm like, we're safe. Like always put shit under your bed. Holy. Holy. Okay. Good thing my bed right now is on like, it doesn't have anything under. You can't put stuff under. That's creepy.
[00:17:29.990] And also in movies, like people always just hide under the bed. You know, when they're like breaking and then they're like, oh God, there's nowhere to hide. I'll just hide under the bed. I'm always like, where would I hide? It's kind of hard. I feel like it's actually, I wish I was more flexible. Cause hiding requires a lot of like folding physically. And like stretching. Where would you hide though? I don't know. Maybe I would hide in my closet, but behind my cabinet.
[00:17:58.740] There's like a little spot there. Oh, okay. That sounds pretty good. There could be a lot of spiders, but I guess when you're like really scared that shit doesn't matter, huh? I don't know. Maybe it's two times as scary. It's like in those movies when they're hiding and suddenly something like comes out. Yeah. A spider or something. And then it's like, fuck, now I have to stay quiet. And the spider is like dropping down from the ceiling. Holy fuck. I don't know. I kind of feel like there's like a hierarchy though. Okay.
[00:18:28.500] Infinite death and absence of life is like peak scary. Like that's like a clear winner. And then under it, it's stuff like home invasions, natural disasters, getting murdered and kidnapped, alien abductions. Like that's all in like one lump. And then below that, it's like ghosts. So I actually grew up being really scared of ghosts until I realized how scary all that other stuff was. And now ghosts are like easy mode to me. I see. Yeah.
[00:18:57.840] Home invasion, pretty scary. You mentioned natural disasters. Low key, that's also a big fear of mine. Earthquakes just like freak me out because I'm like, what are we going to do? Yeah. Right? Like we're screwed. I know. And I feel like it feels more real recently. I don't know if it's just confirmation bias or like recency bias or whatever, but I feel like there's been a lot of earthquakes. And if you grew up in California, you know, like every year they're like, the big one is going to happen sometime in our lifetime.
[00:19:26.920] So I feel like we're just instilled with that like crazy fear of earthquakes. And like, what would happen? The theory is that California someday will earthquake so hard that it like breaks off. Then like what? That means we're going to have to deal with floods too. It'll be two natural disasters in one. Wait, what do you mean break off? Like it'll break off from this chunk of North America. Wait, this is like news to me. Oh shit, my bad.
[00:19:56.140] This was not part of my earthquake lore. Okay, wait, maybe we should fact check me, but I feel like that's like one of the theories or something. California is not on the same tectonic plate as North America, I think. What the hell? So then eventually California would break off. Pretty sure that's the case. Or at least like the West Coast, a portion of the West Coast. Hmm. Sorry to instill a new fear. We'll be like the second Hawaii. Yeah.
[00:20:27.640] The thing about earthquakes is you kind of don't see it. You don't know it's going to happen until like, what do they say? Like 30 seconds before or something that's like as good as it gets. So it's like a dormant fear. Like if I don't think about it for a while, I'm not that scared of it. However, stuff like tsunamis. Oh my God. I guess it's kind of hand in hand with earthquakes, but tsunamis happen all over the globe. And when I see videos of live action tsunami footage, I get so scared.
[00:20:57.000] Dude, tsunamis freak me out too. Yeah. Also because in movies, they make tsunamis look like these giant waves about to crash onto the earth. But like in real life, a tsunami is just like this big lump of water coming to you. True. It's like unassuming almost. And that's why sometimes being at the beach like freaks me out a little bit because I'm just like straight up not very educated on how the ocean works. So like the low tide, high tide stuff. Oh yeah.
[00:21:25.200] Like sometimes when you're watching a YouTube video about a tsunami, the comments are like, oh my God, how did no one notice the low tide and like blah, blah. And I'm like, dude, if I were there, I would also not know. And like that scares me. Wait, so you just watch videos of tsunamis in your free time? Okay. It's not a constant thing, but you know, it's one of those rabbit hole days where I'm usually not watching it. And then sometimes I'm watching it for like two hours.
[00:21:54.480] You're like, I need to be prepared. I need to recognize the signs. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing. I don't know. The internet makes it so accessible now. On Reddit, there's a subreddit called r slash catastrophic failure or something like that. And it's basically a compilation of any fear anyone has ever had in like bite-sized YouTube videos. And I just, sometimes I spend like hours on that getting really scared.
[00:22:23.700] So it's not like solutions. It's just like, these are scary videos. Sometimes in the comments, there will be like, I don't know, someone who knows more than I do will explain why this happens, like ways to prevent it, whatever. It's kind of scary that all of this is just at our fingertips. Ignorance is bliss, as they say. Okay. But actually I have a question. Has there been a fear that you've gotten over? Oh my God. Actually.
[00:22:53.460] Yes. I mentioned alien abductions. Right. That fear, I can completely blame on this. You know that one channel, like the sci-fi channel or something? It's like X-Files or something? Oh yeah. Like one of the channels with all the like extraterrestrial stuff. Maybe it was also the history channel where they would have this one show dedicated to alien abductions. I think I used to like watch that from time to time when I was young.
[00:23:22.360] So I grew up with like this really intense fear of alien abductions. And I guess honestly, just a fear of aliens in general. Yeah. As I've grown up, I'm like slowly losing that fear. And honestly, like a lot of it is, you know, when NASA is like, oh, scientists find signs of life on whatever planet 120 light years away, articles like that will come out. And then I'll always click it to this day. Like, oh my God, is there an alien?
[00:23:51.580] And it's always like traces of water found on this planet point to potential signs of life. And I'm like, okay, we'll probably be safe. Oh yeah. There was actually an article recently that was like scientists find potential like signs of life on some planet. Yeah. Okay. What do you think of the theory related to aliens that instead of us being like the world
[00:24:19.740] that would get captured or like overtaken by aliens? What if we are the most advanced aliens in the universe? Dude. Like what if we're the other people's aliens? Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. That would be the most convenient thing, I think, for like our earth and our humanity. But just statistically, if the world is like infinitely expanding, I'm like, how is that possible? You know what I mean?
[00:24:48.100] Because we're also like new ish. I think everything has been existing for like billions of years. And then humans are kind of like relatively new. I'm just like, there's there's no way. But it just it took that much time for us to like evolve into us. That's true. But I don't know. I don't want to go full conspiracy. Sometimes I'm like low key a full on conspiracy theorist.
[00:25:13.700] But I don't know if this is our first time reaching these technological advancements. As in like internet and stuff, maybe that is the first time it's been invented. But mathematical stuff, I feel like we've reached it in the past is my theory. And, you know, once the library of Alexandria or whatever got like destroyed, maybe all of that knowledge got destroyed with it. Yeah. So I don't know. There's just too many unknown factors for me to conclusively be like we're the most advanced thing.
[00:25:43.700] Out there. Puts on tinfoil. Actually, this is so funny because I was just at a work happy hour recently. We literally spent two hours talking about conspiracy theories. And one of the crowd favorites that came up was that something about the woolly mammoth and how it's getting reconstructed. That might not even be a theory. And then the other top favorite was something about the pyramids.
[00:26:12.800] Like, you know how we see the top of the pyramid? Uh-huh. There's like all these signs that point to the pyramids being like five times as long and everything's just buried under sand. Whoa. Yeah. We're just huddled in a corner talking about this stuff. Those are some pretty fun conspiracy theories. Right? Hmm. I guess to an extent. Do you think conspiracy theories go hand in hand with big fears?
[00:26:39.000] Is this the way that society tries to cope with the unknown? Oh. Oh. Yeah. Like maybe it's a way to explain things that people don't understand. I know one conspiracy theory that like someone in my team is excited about is that like birds aren't real. They're all just like pieces of technology that are spying on us.
[00:27:03.800] So like maybe having these explanations helps people feel less weird about their fear or like feel less intense about their fear. They're like, oh, there's this funny conspiracy theory. Haha. We can all laugh about it. Actually, that's a good point. I think having a big fear could make you feel so crazy sometimes. I guess the easiest way to put it is like there's always crazier out there. So then sometimes it's like grounding to be like, well, this seems a little bit far-fetched.
[00:27:33.100] So what's the worst it could be? You know? Yeah. But back to like getting over some of your fears, there actually is a fear that I recently have noticed that I'm less affected by. Airplane turbulence. Oh. Because I feel like airplane turbulence can quickly spiral into basically like, oh God, we're going to die. Right? So I used to be really, really afraid of airplane turbulence. But then I learned about it.
[00:28:03.160] And that has actually helped me. So like airplane turbulence, the analogy that you can think of is an airplane is in like a cup of jello. And when turbulence happens, it's shaking. But the airplane doesn't dip. It's just like shaking because the air there is like rough or like whatever. We're just shaking. Dude, I also read that. And that also helped me get over that fear too. And then the other thing that I saw was sometimes the turbulence is like shaking, but other times
[00:28:32.360] it can feel like a big drop or something or like a big movement. Right? Right. And I remember that comment was like, yeah, those things are called air pockets. And it's basically the in-air version of hitting a pothole. Oh. And I was like, whoa. So then it does help me not feel as scared now, which is kind of ironic considering all of the like airplane stuff that's been happening lately. Yeah. Now I'm not scared of turbulence. I'm scared of other airplane shit. Yeah. I'm scared of like Boeing aircraft.
[00:29:03.180] But yeah, that's a good one. Isn't it funny that sometimes it just takes one like Reddit comment or something to like help us get over these fears that we've had for 20 plus years. Oh my God. Yeah. I think nothing will get rid of my fear of the dark. We kind of talked about how sometimes having these fears is like almost a protective mechanism.
[00:29:25.740] So do you feel like your fear of the dark is maybe connected to our biology or like your DNA or something? Dude, I don't know. So for the dark one, I'm not super sure because I feel like I'm also a night owl. And if I'm a night owl, then maybe I was like the person who was the night watch or something. Like back in the cave in times. Yeah.
[00:29:54.920] Like I was like, yeah, you guys go ahead and go to sleep. I got the next couple hours. But then I'm like, then why would I be scared of the dark? Shouldn't I be thriving in the dark? Oh, maybe it's like you're more sensitive to stuff that's in the dark because you used to be night watch. Honestly, maybe. That's a good theory. But I think I do have one fear that I often think is probably linked to like some sort of
[00:30:24.640] biological like self protection mechanism. I'm very scared of heights. Like I actually have a physical reaction. You know how you said if you think too much about infinite death, it makes you kind of like shaky. Yeah. When I'm like really high up and I look down, I kind of like lose strength in my hands. I'm like, oh, God, I need to like back away. Oh, how high do you have to be?
[00:30:51.220] Like, you know, when you go to Japan, you can go up like Tokyo Tower and see like all of Tokyo. Mm hmm. Does that kind of height scare you or does it have to be even higher? Dude, that's like enough. Couple stories. It's pretty good. Yeah. The big trigger is like looking down. If I just look out forward for the most part, it's OK. But the moment I like look down and for some reason I'm always tempted to look down, it like freaks me out. Yeah, I feel that.
[00:31:19.240] I think that one does have to be biological because so many people have it. And it's like very self-preservation because like, you know, you'll probably not end up too well. Yeah. At the bottom. Yeah. I watched like a documentary called Free Solo a couple of years ago. Yeah. And it's about some guy who scales like the sides of mountains and he does it without being like hung on to the side of the mountain. So it's like minimal equipment, which means like maximum risk of falling to your death.
[00:31:49.280] Yeah. And the whole time my hands are just sweaty. Dude. I was like, this is an evolutionary response. When people are not scared of heights, I'm like, how is that possible? Yeah. That almost feels like they're just not scared of death. Oh, their ancestors must have been the ones going up really high to like look for where the food and water was. Right? Whoa. I like that theory. They're the scouts. Yeah. Wait, are you scared of heights?
[00:32:18.660] I am. I think I'm more scared of falling. The heights aspect is a little bit more bearable. But I'm scared of falling and I'm scared of going really fast. Skiing, for example, if I go really high up, I like can't do it. Like I start breathing really fast and getting like a little bit lightheaded. And roller coasters as well. Oh yeah, I'm pretty bad with roller coasters too. I remember you mentioned earlier like, oh, roller coasters is like controlled fear, right? I was like, dude.
[00:32:48.900] Not for me. I ain't riding a roller coaster. Yeah. For others. But who knows? Was there a time in your life where you were riding roller coasters a lot? Because sometimes I feel like exposure does help even with physical responses like this. Not really, but I can ride roller coasters, but it takes me some time. So like I have to warm up on like a kid roller coaster and then I can ride like a medium level roller coaster.
[00:33:17.560] And then I can ride like something a little bigger. Yeah. So, you know, if we were at the theme park for a day, like it'll take me half a day to get up to. If you want to ride a big roller coaster with me, I need a warm up. It's like a whole curriculum. Yeah. I think I'm similar for the most part. If I don't have to ride it, I won't ride it. And that's like my preferred. Yeah.
[00:33:43.860] I think especially in high school, if everyone's doing it, you can't be the only one sitting out. So then I would on those brave days being surrounded by people that were pressuring me, I would be on like drop zone and shit. Oh my God. I don't know how I did it. That's called peer pressure. And that's the scariest thing of all. Okay. I do have a funny story, though.
[00:34:09.940] I don't remember if I ever shared on the podcast, but one time it was like a theme park day at school because maybe it was like a graduation year or something. And then one of my friends was like, oh, my God, I really want to ride this roller coaster. And I was like, dude, I'm too scared. I don't I don't want to ride it. And she's like, please, it'll be so fun. And I was peer pressured to riding it with her because eventually I was like, damn, I don't want her to like miss out on this just because I was like, no, I'm too scared.
[00:34:38.940] So then we wrote it and I was scared shitless. And then when we got off, she was like, damn, you really were scared. My bad. Like, I thought we were just playing. Wait, do you like scream or do you just wither away? Why wither away? I like become small and I'm like gripping with like for dear life. And I'm like, oh, God.
[00:35:05.340] I hate the feeling on a roller coaster where you feel like you're choking on air. Oh, yeah. So sometimes I literally have to like curl up in a defensive ball. Yeah. Yeah. I'll close my eyes. Oh, same. Because that helps a little. Mm hmm. Roller coasters be scary. Honestly, roller coaster, big fear. Wait, you know what's also like a, okay, that's like a medium fear, but I'm really scared of like haunted houses and like haunted mazes.
[00:35:33.060] Maybe a maze is like a better way to describe it. But you know how on Halloween you can like pay $10 and like go through the thing and there's like actors trying to scare you. Yeah. Like that shit is so scary to me for some reason, even though I know it's all fake. Dude, it's because they jump scare and it always gets you. True. But I like jump scares in movies, so I don't know why. Like maybe just in person, I'm like super scared. Because this time the jump scare is happening to you, not another person.
[00:36:00.420] I'm like a keyboard warrior version of horror stuff. I want to be removed. Yeah. You're like, I can only watch this jump scare in third person. It cannot be happening IRL. Yeah, that stuff is scary, man. Okay, like think about it this way. What if it was a haunted house, but there's actually an option to ride this like carriage that's a little off the ground and you're watching people go through the haunted house and experience jump scares.
[00:36:30.120] Like that would be good for you, right? Yeah. Or even if it was like a ride. Maybe it's like the, maybe I'm scared of walking. Wait, what? Is walking a big fear? Yeah. I was like, I feel like if I was sitting, it would be okay. Walking, big fear. Maybe because if you're like standing or walking and you jump scare, you sometimes like crumble, you know? True. I think I sometimes crumble at jump scares.
[00:36:59.260] Wait, we're just always withering away. Yeah, I don't scream. I just wither away in any situation. You know, they say that you have a fight or flight reaction. I would think screaming is like fight, right? Oh, like it scares them back kind of. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe we are like flight. Wait, but if we're crumbling, if our legs are locking under us, it's like neither.
[00:37:29.220] It's just like accept our fate. We're like dying. We're over it. I think the like amendment to it was like fight, flight or freeze. Oh, fuck. We're definitely freeze, I think. Oh, God. If like a car came at you, do you think you would have the ability to run away? Or would you kind of freeze in shock?
[00:37:58.120] Damn, I'd like to think I would run away. But I feel like I would legit be like deer in headlights. Well, I don't know. Do you think you would run out of the way? Or would you just stand there? I would try to, but I might also be. Like it takes a second to like register what's happening. But I think the odd part is like if I were in a car driving, I think I would be able to react. Because maybe it's like a smaller movement that you have to make. Oh, because you just have to tip your toe.
[00:38:28.240] Yeah, like you either tip your toe or like move the steering wheel a bit. But if it's like, you know, full body like sprinting, that might take a second. So basically, we just need to be seated. Don't trust us when we're on our feet. This is like, you know, those survival movies. Someone in a precarious situation and will they be able to make it out alive?
[00:38:56.720] Like, yeah, I always watch those movies. Well, more specific. I always watch clipped version of those movies on like TikTok as like a movie recap or something. Yeah. And I'm always just like, I don't think I could do what this person is doing. I don't think I would have the grit and like the critical thinking abilities. And honestly, just like the will to live to get out of situations like that. Wait, not having the will to live is crazy. I think you would.
[00:39:22.120] I think you would come through because if you think about it, your biggest all time fear is infinite death. True. You're so right. So at some point, you'll be able to find the motivation. It might take five minutes longer, but you'll get there. I'll need to have like multiple cries before I could bring myself to do it. There's a movie recap that I never skip on TikTok every time I get it. Like I'll sit and watch the whole thing again.
[00:39:49.840] Two girls that get stuck on top of like, you know, those really tall telephone poles. Have you seen this one? Yeah. I've seen the TikTok recaps. It's so gripping. And basically the gist for anyone who hasn't seen it is like, these girls are like really good climbers. They climb the top of this really tall telephone pole and they get like stuck there because the ladder breaks. And it's like, how will you handle like getting back down to ground floor with like zero cell phone service?
[00:40:19.280] And like half your shit is not with you anymore. Like stuff like that. Yeah. And I'm always just like amazed. I don't know if I could. Okay. In that situation, you would have to get over your fear of heights to even be able to start thinking about survival. Right? Yeah. There's like a couple things. Once you're that deep into it, I assume it starts to become a game of statistics.
[00:40:43.980] Oh, I could die trying doing this, but at least I'd have like a 10% chance of avoiding infinite death. Right? Yeah. And so you're like, okay, fuck it. Like we just got to do it. And then I think there's another statistic that starts to maybe like be a factor, which is like, okay, I could just sit up here and wither away. And that's like a slow and painful death. Or, you know, if I fucked up like trying to get down, I'll just fall to my death. I'll be quick and painless.
[00:41:14.980] Damn, that is true. My palms are getting sweaty just thinking about the situation, actually. Oh my God. Yeah. That thing is crazy. And then I looked it up on Wikipedia and I read the plot. Wait, I'm sorry. Can we talk about the thing that you texted me about the last few weeks? Wait, what was it? Basically, you texted me that you had watched this scary movie. Oh. And I was like, oh my God, because I thought you had actually watched it.
[00:41:42.360] And it turns out you are watching it on someone else's airplane screen. And then like you read the Wikipedia page for it after. Is that right? Yeah. So the person next to me was watching Smile 2. They had subs on too. So I was like, oh, nice. Like for some reason, I just couldn't stop. Like I couldn't take my eyes away. And then after the flight, I texted you. I was like, oh my God, I watched Smile 2. It was like a good movie. And you were like, wow.
[00:42:12.280] And then you were like, you need to watch Smile 1. Yeah. And I was like, oh, hopefully someone watches it on the flight home. I was like, I guess Crystal watching it by herself is not an option. Maybe this is how we get over our big fears. You watch other people watch stuff. You watch other people go through stuff. You do everything by proxy. And that's how you level up. Right. Because you learn from other people.
[00:42:42.700] Well, this has been fun to sit down and talk through our big fears. Because I think we talk about our small and medium fears a lot. But we never really talk about our big fears. So thank you, Crystal. It's always fun to sit and chat with you about things that scare us in our daily life. And for any of our listeners, if we talked about stuff that you are also scared of, or maybe you don't have these fears that we have, feel free to hit us up. We have Instagram at eatyourcrispod.
[00:43:10.680] And we also have email eatyourcrisppod at gmail.com. And don't forget to follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, wherever you listen to podcasts. We upload new episodes every other Wednesday morning. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.