[00:00:00.000] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust Podcast. I'm Jeesoo and I'm Crystal. So I have a mini life update and this isn't really an update to anyone except for me and my close friends.
[00:00:22.490] But recently I've made the decision to take out my hormonal IUD. This is crazy to me because I have been with my IUD slash IUDs for 10 years. So the last time I wasn't on my IUD was I think March of 2015. Whoa. So this is a big decision. Everyone keeps asking me like, oh my god, does that mean you guys are trying?
[00:00:46.970] And it's like no. I just felt the need to flush my body out of like the hormones for a little bit just because it's literally been a decade. With that comes all of these new learnings and thoughts. So we thought that we would do an episode today about female hormonal health, birth control and all the joys that come with these subjects. Mm hmm. Dude, I'm just imagining your IUD being like, oh my god, happy 10th anniversary. And you're like, okay, bye. I'm like, I'm evicting you.
[00:01:16.170] I mean, honestly, it has been such a big transition for me. Mm hmm. The biggest thing is that with my Mirena IUD, I had never had my period for the last 10 years. Crazy. I took it out. I think the moment we got back from this bachelorette of our friends, we literally flew back that Sunday from Vegas. And then Monday morning at like 8am, I booked the IUD removal. Oh my god, I fucking remember this.
[00:01:43.530] We were all like, wait, you're getting it out in the morning tomorrow? 24 hours later. But yeah, it was kind of interesting. Like, I don't think the removal or the insertion was ever that crazy painful for me. So it wasn't horrible. But getting my period back has been crazy. I just kind of feel like a teenager again. Yeah, I remember when you finally got your first period.
[00:02:08.690] You mentioned it to some of the girls and I was like, oh my god, welcome to girlhood. Like, I can't believe you haven't had a period for 10 years. Dude, yeah. And honestly, a lot has changed. For example, since I haven't had a period for 10 years, I don't have any of the equipment. I didn't have any panty liners or like tampons or pads or anything. So I had to rebuy all of it.
[00:02:33.270] And I feel like the product landscape or maybe like the marketing landscape of period products has changed so much since I was last buying them. Because I was purchasing in like the playtech sport, tennis players and all the period ads, you know, really vibrant, bright colors like that era, which I think still exists today. But now there's a lot more organic, clean, full cotton options that I had never seen before. Or I just maybe didn't think to purchase back then.
[00:03:03.390] There's just way more options now. I think period panties started to like really get popular when maybe we were in college. But when I was in high school, it was still like, you know, you have to go to Asia to buy these. Or like it was just more readily available outside of the U.S. at the time. So all of this stuff is very new to me. And I was just like, wow, I can't believe I can just buy like a full cotton option in the U.S. Yeah, that's true.
[00:03:29.890] Actually, I've always leaned towards using full cotton for pads and even tampons if available. The selection has definitely grown because I think it's definitely more of a like recent thing where people are like caring more about what they're putting in slash against their body. Originally, for me, it was because sometimes the non-cotton stuff can irritate my skin a little bit. Just like, I guess, chafing or whatever.
[00:03:59.950] And so I naturally gravitated towards cotton. But now it's like I walk down the aisle and I'm like, dude, it's a whole aisle of multiple brands. Versus before you walk down, it's like always and then like one other brand. It's very interesting. I think I just didn't notice maybe if there was a slower transition because I wasn't purchasing stuff like that. So I feel like I just emerged from like a time capsule or something.
[00:04:28.110] Dude, but also you have to buy these things now. That is true. Which is kind of lame. I've been thinking about like what is a more money friendly, I guess, sustainable way to deal with this. So one option is like the period cup, which is reusable for like a really long time. And then like you mentioned period underwear. But I've yet to really go in on one of these.
[00:04:55.550] I've heard so much about the diva cup or the disc as well from people who have really enjoyed it. It's really cool because this is, like you said, such a big part of girlhood. You know, we all experience this thing because of biology and then we all have our own like tips and tricks or like things that work for us. And by us, I mean like everyone else but me because I have zero knowledge right now. And then we just like get together while we're getting ready in some bathroom and we like talk about it, you know.
[00:05:25.690] And I was like, wow, this is like what we are destined to be. When everyone's like, oh my God, I'm on my period. And then everyone chimes in like, oh my God, me too. We're all synced. I'm like, this is womanhood. I also think this is funny because I might have mentioned this before like a long time ago on the pod. I was thinking about getting an IUD. It's easier and you don't have to have your period.
[00:05:54.570] There were a lot of benefits to it. And I would always ask my friends who had one, you included, like, oh my God, do you like it? Like, what's it like? Blah, blah, blah. Which you can only say so much because you're like, yeah, it's in there and it's good and I don't have periods. Right. But like, what's it like? We're like nothing. But in the end, I continued to chicken out and I never got an IUD.
[00:06:20.990] And now 10 years later, you got yours out and I still never committed to one. You're like, I'm still thinking about it. I mean, to be honest, like I really enjoyed my IUD. I think there were just some ways that it was affecting me or how I was speculating that it was affecting me that made me want to take it out. And also, even though I'm not going to have a child now, I am preparing for it in the next handful of years. I wanted to just remember what it's like.
[00:06:49.830] That's the one thing that I missed when I had my IUD. And I think it's kind of like a double-edged sword because when you don't get your period, you save on all of the money that you would be spending on a period product. You save on that like four, five days of discomfort, especially when you're like traveling and stuff. You don't have to pack any pads or anything. So honestly, there's a lot of privilege that comes with that.
[00:07:13.670] But at the same time, I forgot what it was like to have hormonal cues or like biological cues where I was like, oh, maybe I'm behaving this way because my hormones are at this stage right now. I think being able to feel those signs in your body is very important. And it's something that I was already bad at, you know, like I'm not someone who's like, oh, my body feels really weird today. And maybe I should get this checked out. My senses are pretty dulled in that way where I probably wouldn't even know.
[00:07:42.970] But I think not getting into the practice of feeling hormonal cues was making me feel like more alien in my body. I see. Just like less connected to it. So now you're like relearning your body mind connection kind of. Yeah. And actually, when I was telling my girls chat about like, guys, I want to get my first period. Any tips and tricks? You had been the one to tell me like, oh, you should download this app that kind of helps you like track the cycles and whatnot.
[00:08:08.750] So I downloaded it and I've been relearning about all the different phases in the cycle. So my favorite thing to say the last two weeks is I can't do it. Like I'm in my luteal phase because I just learned what that was. Yeah. Honestly, I only learned that recently, too, and I learned it through TikTok. Oh. But yeah, for our listeners who don't know, it's supposed to be the period of time right before your period starts.
[00:08:36.350] I guess that's like the middle of your cycle, right? Yeah, I think it's like the period between ovulation and then your period starting. So it's almost like a 14-day window or like 12 days or something. Yeah. And wait, actually, you might know more than me now. But from my memory during that time, your energy is lower. You might be a little crankier. And I think your hormone levels are a little lower, right? Right.
[00:09:03.950] And I think there's other stuff. I'm looking at the app now, and it says like you might have pain or like breast sensitivity or anxiety. And you also might have reduced sleep quality, which I was like, that's crazy because this phase is so long. It's like a majority of your hormonal cycle. Like it would have the biggest piece in like the pie chart, you know? And this whole time, we're just supposed to have like shitty sleep and high anxiety. Like that's crazy.
[00:09:31.450] Dude, this made so much sense when I first learned about it, though, because I was like, there are some times just randomly in the month where I, I don't know, have some sort of manic episode or something. Like I literally stay up all night. Yeah. And I'm like super distracted on some sort of ADHD run on my phone. And then I'm like, damn, like why was I so active at night? Why was my mind so alive? I read about the luteal phase.
[00:10:01.410] I was like, oh, maybe that's why. Honestly, yeah. I'm like starting to piece together some things. Well, I don't know. I also do this thing where I read something and I over attribute like everything that's happening in my life to that one segment that I read. So take this with a grain of salt. I've been joking around and saying like, you know, in my luteal phase, I've been like organizing. And I decluttered every room in this house, one room a day for this last week. And I'm just like my awareness or like maybe it's my anxiety or something is heightened.
[00:10:32.010] So I'm trying to like understand what kind of beast comes out in each phase of this hormonal cycle. In my luteal phase, I do think I'm a little crankier and a little bit more anxious. However, I will say ovulating. That shit is amazing. Well, yeah, it's kind of lit. It's so like I feel like I took the pill on limitless or something. Yeah, I was just about to say like, how do you feel about ovulating?
[00:11:01.750] Because then you're like high energy and your hormone levels are higher. And sometimes I feel really productive during the ovulating period. Yeah, I just feel like I have such a positive outlook towards life when I'm ovulating. And I also feel so like beautiful. So on the app, it tells you like what day is potentially your like peak ovulation day or whatever. Right.
[00:11:26.870] And, you know, the science behind it is like technically people are supposed to be able to tell just because biologically it's like you're the most fertile on that day or something like that. Right. And I was just like looking at myself in the mirror on my peak ovulation day. And I was like, yeah, I look like I'm ovulating. Oh, my God. Like you can tell. Yeah. Wait, that's super funny, though.
[00:11:53.590] I also think it's really funny because sometimes I see on TikTok this comment trend of women commenting like, oh, my God, I'm ovulating right now. So like if someone's like really beautiful in the video or it's like a thirst trap or like, you know, something like that. And people are like, dude, I'm ovulating. I feel like it's so funny. Someone on Love Island recently said that. Oh, my God. Like as an excuse for someone who was like acting up or something.
[00:12:22.030] And she was like, hey, like lay off my girl. She's ovulating right now. Bro, it's so funny. I also love that these cycles are becoming a little more normalized and like everyone's becoming a little more educated about them because I much prefer someone being like, oh, I'm like in my luteal phase. So I'm hella tired and like cranky versus oh, I'm PMSing.
[00:12:48.930] I think because there's a history of the way PMS was used in just like, you know, everyday talk. Sometimes people would be like, oh, are you cranky because you're PMSing? And that like low key pissed everyone off extra using these like phases has been, I feel like in a sense, almost like women reclaiming their hormonal cycle and like all of that kind of stuff.
[00:13:15.250] Dude, you're so right, because that would be like the most maybe like a top three comment that high school boys used to make or like middle school boys where they would be like, why are you being such a bitch? Like, are you on your period or like, are you PMSing? And then I would just like fume. And I also wonder at that time that saying PMS as like a way to degrade women was like very common.
[00:13:38.730] We were in school, but I was like, damn, I wonder if women who are like older enough to be like at work and stuff would also hear that from like coworkers or something. Because it was kind of just a time where people were more OK with making insensitive jokes like that. Yeah, for sure. But it was so funny because recently we grabbed some drinks with some friends and you and I were talking about the luteal phase.
[00:14:02.750] And I thought it was so funny how like all of the guys stopped talking to each other, like leaned in and they were like, what's the luteal? We were like, let us educate you. Yeah. And I feel like it also just makes more sense now that it's like, oh, I'm more educated and aware of these phases in the cycle. I think I definitely did not know that like in high school, for example. I would not have known what ovulating was.
[00:14:30.830] I would have thought that's like during the period time or something. Oh, yeah. I feel like truly reading and like learning more about this does help you notice things better in your body. Connect the dots. For sure. And I feel like what's been really noticeable for me, too, is recently I've been seeing content on TikTok where, you know, women who really like to go to the gym and like lift weights and want to make a lot of progress in like that area.
[00:15:01.290] They come out with informational content about like, oh, this is the type of stuff that you should be doing during your luteal phase. This is what you should do in other phases of the hormonal cycle. And I was like, this is so cool. It's not something that is just like a huge burden to us. You know, it's something that is just like an active part of our lives that we can work around or like maybe even build momentum on. And I thought it was just so cool to like have easy access to that kind of content now. Mm hmm. Okay, wait, I'm not going to lie.
[00:15:29.870] But like when I'm on my period, I use it as like the number one excuse around like my mom or like fellow girls, you know, dude, I can't. I'm like on my period right now. Everyone's like, oh, no, like don't get up. Don't you lift a finger. I think one time when I was at home, my mom was like, oh, do you want to go grocery shopping with me? And I was like, I can't. I'm on my period. And she's like, oh, you rest up. I'll go by myself.
[00:16:01.570] Dude, it really takes me back to like in high school and you would have that PE unit where you would swim. Oh, my God. And then it would be like heaven on earth when you had your period. And you're like, oh, I don't have to do that post PE class shower. Oh, my God. Yeah. And you just like take laps around the pool with your other period havers. Dude, not to get too off topic, but isn't like I think one of my biggest annoyances with the swim period in PE was that like we just had to change in front of everyone.
[00:16:31.870] Oh, into our swimsuit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's true. They need to implement some changing rooms or something. I didn't feel too uncomfortable. But I do remember a lot of people would go into the bathroom. Dude, that was me. And it's like a limited resource because in the girls locker room, there's only like three or four stalls or some shit. I think, OK, we did have like those shower stalls. So sometimes people would go hide in the shower stalls to change. But I was like, dude, like I'm fine with having a swimming unit.
[00:17:00.850] But can we get like better changing facilities? I was just anti-swim unit in general. I was like, there's no way we're getting into a pool in second period. And then I have to go to bio after. Oh, my God. Wait, that's so true. Right. And now we have an extra excuse. We can be like, I'm in my luteal phase. But, you know, even though now I have to deal with my luteal phase, again, the hormonal cues has been really cool.
[00:17:28.980] And I think even just knowing what phase I'm in gives me so much stability because I know what phase is coming up. I can kind of track down when my period will happen and whatnot. And I can just like do future forward planning, you know. Like even for vacations, I'm like, oh, I might be on my period this one. I might be ovulating on this one. Okay. But I'm not gonna lie.
[00:17:53.560] Sometimes it sucks because there was this one period of time where I had maybe two or three trips in the year. Somehow those trips just fell on my period days. Oh, God. And I was like, why did this happen? How did I not plan better? That's true. I guess there is always that risk. How do you feel when you travel on your period?
[00:18:16.120] I feel like it's not that bad, but I'm really annoyed that I have to like pack all my pads and like tampons, like whatever, all that stuff. Because then your suitcase is extra filled. Or if it's like, oh, I know it might happen during this trip, then I have to pack some just in case. And then it's like, oh, wait, but then how much do I pack? Like, what if it doesn't come till the end and I'm just like carrying this shit all over the world with me? Worst case, you could always just buy some.
[00:18:43.700] But I do feel like everyone kind of has their comfort brand, you know? So it's always nice to have what you are comfortable with. But one funny thing is I actually leave a bunch of pads in like every single bag I own. So recently on a trip, there was like a small chance I might have my period come up towards the end.
[00:19:06.580] So I didn't pack any extra pads because I knew I had like four in my backpack and like two in my suitcase or something like that. I was like, oh, I should be able to like scavenge enough together. You're like, it'll pop up somewhere. I guess like the last thing you want to do is like suddenly get it when you're overseas, not know where to find it. And then you find out they don't have like the format that you prefer it.
[00:19:33.020] Because I think I saw a TikTok recently where someone was looking to buy some tampons in Korea. And then they had to go to one of those big supermarkets because not a lot of the convenience stores nearby sold tampons. It was mostly like pads and stuff. And I was like, huh, I guess the culture is very different country by country too. Oh, that's true. I do feel like Asia leans more towards pads. But yeah, honestly, the stashing the pads and tampons into random bags, I think that's a good idea.
[00:20:00.520] It's another tip and trick that I will be writing down. I have a couple in my work bag. I have some in my travel backpack. And then I have like a packable day pack that I sometimes bring. There's like pads in there too. I actually also leave at least two or three in the car as well. Oh, in the glove compartment.
[00:20:22.520] Well, there's another tip and trick that I got from you, which was that when you're scared of leaking, you just put a towel down, especially like on nights when you're sleeping on a bed or something like that. You don't want to leak. Just get rid of that risk by putting a towel down. And for my first period that I got recently, I did the trick because back then, you know, 10 years ago, I was like a power leaker. Like I was fucking leaking everywhere.
[00:20:46.540] And I was super scared because I realized that every single sitting surface in my house is white. My sofas are white. My dining chairs are white. And all my like linens for my bed are also white. That's crazy. And I was like, this is IUD privilege. Well, yeah, I felt like the craziest part of that is that all your bed sheets are white. They're like pure white too. And our duvet covers and everything.
[00:21:16.840] Oh my God. Yeah, I was just like, I guess it's something that I did because I didn't get my period. Like I forgot about that risk of potentially leaking. Dude, okay. Low key, I feel like it's not even just period leaking. But like if you ever have period sex, like you can't be doing that on what you should. Should I lay like a tarp down?
[00:21:48.800] Damn, I actually forgot about that. About the concept of that. Okay, but also, I think I might have told you this as well. I said I like sometimes just have a shitty set of sheets if it's like period time. No, honestly, all of these things make sense. And I just, you know, I have to like jog my memory. Dude, when you said you had all white sheets, duvet covers, and everything, I like looked at my bed.
[00:22:18.620] I was like, damn, I don't even own a single white sheet right now. I mean, honestly, I was just as shocked as you when I got my first period. I had to bring my towel to the sofa and then sit on my towel because I was so scared. I was like trumbling. It's okay, you'll become a pro in no time. My doctor, the one who took my IUD out, she made me say bye to my IUD. And then I was like, damn, like I don't even know what it's like to have my period anymore.
[00:22:48.730] She turned to look me square in the eyes and she was like, don't worry, you'll remember. I was like, hmm, that's true. Wait, that's so funny. Was your doctor young? Yeah, youngish. Dude, off topic, but like, isn't it crazy that doctors can be younger than us now? Dude, no, I just got over the dentist thing. My last gynecologist was like super young and like high energy.
[00:23:17.150] And I was like, I'm just getting like a pap smear. It's chill. No need to be so excited. Every year, the doctors get younger. I'm just like, damn, am I getting older? Dude, actually, so my primary care person, I've had her for a really long time. I've had her since like, I think end of high school. Last year, I think it was. I had an appointment with her and I was like, I just looked at her. I was like, oh my God.
[00:23:47.350] When I first got her, she was really young. I think she was like freshly graduated. And I looked at her like last year. I was like, oh my God, you're not that young, like fresh grad anymore. I feel like I've always had older doctors. But recently, my PCP was out on mat leave or something. So then I had to go in and see a young doctor who was also very high energy. And I was looking at her and I was like, damn, this is like a face that I would see at like one of those bars we go to or something. You know what I mean? Oh God.
[00:24:17.950] Like it's so weird to see you in this kind of environment. Yeah. Okay. But I do have a question. What has been maybe like the biggest single change from getting your IUD out besides like having a period? So it's kind of hard to tell like how much of this is placebo or not. And I think everyone's experience with the IUD is so different.
[00:24:42.750] But for me, I think the IUD was giving me acne and also giving me a little bit of swelling. So I noticed that when I took the IUD out, a lot of my swelling went down. I can feel it in very specific parts of my body. There's like this lymph node massage that my aunt taught me to do when I was really young. From time to time, I would do it. Okay. This is like also old wife's tale. So don't fact check me.
[00:25:10.990] But she would say that if you press like the area right under your ears and kind of like where your jaw meets your neck, it hurts a lot if you're really bloated or maybe like your lymph nodes are swollen or something and you just have like something you need to flush out. But if you don't, it doesn't feel like anything. And it used to hurt so bad for like years. And I would like try to massage it out from time to time, but it would be so painful. And I could only do it like a little bit at a time.
[00:25:38.970] But after I took the IUD out, it doesn't hurt anymore. And I was like, unsure how factual it is, but it made a difference and I can like feel it in my body. That's good. So yeah, I think the inflammation for both acne and like the lymph node area went down a little bit. I just feel a little bit more human or something. I don't know. Well, I think any sort of change affects me like a lot. So I feel very affected by the change.
[00:26:02.590] Okay, another question is, is there any like telltale sign for you yet where you know this like certain symptom is directly related to your period? So for example, I have like a couple. One is I get really tired on my period and leading up to my period. So when it's like really hard for me to wake up in the morning, I'm like, yo, Loki, that period is coming.
[00:26:31.370] And then I think because I'm fatigued during my period, I can like eat more on my period if that makes sense. Like I feel like I could eat bigger portions. Okay, that's not good because I was in my luteal phase and I was like vacuuming up some food and I was like, maybe this is because I'm on my luteal phase and I just have a bigger appetite. No, yeah, I think I have a big appetite because I'm extra tired during that period.
[00:26:57.910] I've only had it once since I got it taken out. And I'm like two days away from my second one. But I will say that before my first one, I had like this stomach pain where it was kind of a mix of being constipated and also pre period stomach pain. I think it just felt very familiar. Despite it having been 10 years since my last period, I was like, I know this stomach pain. And then lo and behold, literally that night or maybe like the next morning or something,
[00:27:27.990] I had the, you know, period shit. And I was no longer constipated. And I was like, okay, yeah, I knew this was a familiar feeling. It's like right before you get your period. Yeah. Things are brewing. Yeah. Okay, wait, how long did you have your period before? I think I had it for like five years. Oh, okay. So you had it for a good while.
[00:27:57.010] Now you're just like relearning all of that. Yes, yes. Five years off for 10 years. And then now I'll have it again for another few years. Few years. What are you planning on hitting menopause? Well, I don't know. I feel like once I have a kid, I would put the IUD in again. Oh, okay. Fair. Because you don't want to accidentally pop out more kids. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
[00:28:25.890] I'm toying with the idea. That's why I'm trying to enjoy my period. Hmm. I see. You're like, it's not going to be here forever. That's such a stark contrast from myself because sometimes on my period, I look at myself and I'm like, dude, I'm going to experience this for like 12 times for X amount of years into the future forever. I mean, honestly, though, because I've been enjoying my period,
[00:28:56.470] I've had one period, but I've been enjoying it. I was thinking about maybe getting the copper IUD after we have our kid. That way, I'll still have my cycle and whatnot and be more in tune with it without having hormonal birth control. Right. Do you feel like having that hormonal birth control was different now that you're off of it? I think it was. I guess I'm just trying to establish my baseline again because I also don't really know what
[00:29:24.870] it's like to not have hormonal birth control. And I'm just very interested in exploring like different types of birth control because again, I've really only done the pill and the hormonal IUD. And I know there's a lot of different options out there now. Do you feel like you feel scared about hormonal birth control or do you have any like opinions on hormonal versus non-hormonal? Yeah, I guess I feel like kind of scared about hormonal birth control because I'm like,
[00:29:54.870] what if the hormones make me a different person? So I did briefly do the pill for a bit. The first pill that I got, it was okay. I didn't feel like too bad on it, but I kept freaking out about the extra health risks. Like you're way more prone to blood clots and like all of that stuff. I literally had like a panic attack the first time I took a pill because I was like, dude,
[00:30:24.650] I'm about to get a blood clot. Oh my God. You're like, it's coming. I feel it. I switched pills at one point because I moved. And so I had to get it from a different like supplier or whatever, or like a pharmacy or whatever. And that second one like fucked me up. I was getting really, really bad anxiety. I felt really uncomfortable in my body.
[00:30:48.810] It was almost like this tightness all throughout my body and it was really just not good. So then I immediately stopped and never went back. So then my fear and IUD is like in you. So like, what if you feel like shit and it's just like in you, you can't just like rip it out. You have to like go to the doctors and like get it taken out and stuff. I think honestly, like whenever the word hormonal exists and something that you have to like
[00:31:15.010] take or ingest or, you know, put into your body, whether that's an IUD or implant, like it feels so scary. I feel like it's half a taboo word and half, you know, there are real changes that you'll see your body go through. So yeah, I can definitely empathize with it being scary. Like for me, I think the benefits outweighed the risks for a long time. But I know for a lot of people, there's this trial and error process that you have to do with birth control. And that's like the shittiest part. Like you can't just take one and be like, yeah, this will probably be good.
[00:31:44.990] You have to wait for the full cycle. And then you're like, actually, I feel like shit. And this is not just me being scared. And then you have to like flush it out again. So there's all these things that I think we have, we as women have to go through. Yeah. So in the end, I was like, you know what? Fuck it. Instead of dealing with potential change, I'm just gonna have a period. And it's been 10 years since.
[00:32:14.720] But I feel like because of that, it's like extra, I guess like brave that you went through that change two times if you think about it. The first time was getting the IUD and like experiencing that change and period of time where you have to wait it out and like normalize and relearn yourself. And then now you're like getting off of it. It's another big change again. Yeah, I guess I was lucky that I didn't have too many adverse side effects or anything
[00:32:44.240] with the IUD. I think the funny thing about an IUD, I think to an extent when you're taking the pill, it's almost like a daily choice to like stay on the path of birth control. It's like every morning at whatever time you choose your alarm to be, you have to like pop the pill. Yeah. But for an IUD, it's like once every seven years, you know? So you really just like forget about it, I think. That's kind of the nice part. But yeah, it is exciting to be back into my hormonal cycle.
[00:33:12.400] I'm excited to like understand female hormonal health again and just like gear my body up for what's next to come, as scary as it is. But because you're such a veteran in the period world, do you have any other things that you like to do, whether it's like, you know, a mini ritual you might do on your periods or like ways to prepare or any other tips and tricks?
[00:33:37.440] Oh, there is this one thing and I don't know if like how truly effective or whatever it is, but apparently raspberry leaf tea is pretty good for female hormonal health, specifically like reproductive health, your uterus health, I guess. Anyway, what I do is the first day or two of my period, I always drink a cup.
[00:34:00.960] I also saw something like you want to have more iron because you're like technically losing blood out of your body. So on your period, you might want to increase your red meat intake or, you know, things like spinach or another like naturally high iron foods as well. Oh, yeah, so true. I feel like especially because Asians tend to have like anemia for some reason, our population is like susceptible to anemia. Yeah. Yeah.
[00:34:28.780] So I feel like we feel it extra hard on our period. Dude, maybe that's why I'm exhausted all the time. Dude, maybe honestly. My mom's always like, eat this for your period health. Damn, your mom's the true veteran. Wait, so true. Wait, but actually she might have forgotten a lot because she went through menopause a while ago. Oh. It was really funny when she did though, because during that time, I think she was just like
[00:34:56.540] cleaning out her bathroom and she was like, oh, Crystal, I found all these pads. Like, do you want them? Because I don't need them anymore. I was like, damn, lucky. She graduated. She's been there, done that. This is also what I attribute to being an Asian thing because it's like what my mom tells me all the time. But she's like, oh, when you're on your period, you should avoid eating cold things.
[00:35:22.360] You should eat hot things or warm things. It has to do with all that chi and the Chinese medicine kind of thing where it's like, if you have cold energy in your stomach because it's so close to your reproductive organs, like your uterus and all of that, that cold energy will cause you to cramp more and be in more pain. So I just, I try to avoid ice cold food and or drinks.
[00:35:52.660] And I feel like it does help maybe, or maybe it's placebo. And I was always confused about this because in like Western media, everyone on their period eats a tub of ice cream. Right. You're so right, actually. Yeah. You're like, nope, that's bad for the energy. I feel like the only common thread that I've seen, actually, do Asians eat chocolate on their period in like Asian media? Oh, I actually don't know about that.
[00:36:21.520] But I have heard that chocolate is good for you on your period. And I feel like it's always like the common trope of, oh, girlfriend on her period. So the guy shows up with ice cream and like a chocolate bar or something. Yeah. Now I'm like, what do the Asians eat? Dude, maybe they should be showing up with like beef jerky and like chocolate. Babe, I heard you're on your period. So I brought a whole bag of spinach. Or like I made us this like giant steak for dinner tonight.
[00:36:52.000] We have to change some of the tropes in media with the more factually based things. Well, before we wrap up this episode, I have a final question for you. How would you describe your relationship with your period? Oh, it's just like there. Actually, I think this ties in well with what a period is colloquially called in Chinese, in Mandarin specifically.
[00:37:22.300] My mom taught me and I think there's actually like a ton of different ways to say this. But the two main ways that I say it with my mom is, oh, that thing is here. And then the second way is like our oldest aunt is visiting. Oh, that's so cute. That thing is so like so much less friendly than, oh, our oldest aunt. Yeah.
[00:37:47.580] So I think that thing is like maybe like the more accurate direct translation is it's almost like that task is here. Oh. So the Chinese phrase is like, 来事了。 And 是, or like I say it like 是, but 事情, it can be like translated as tasks sometimes in a work environment. Or it can be like something you need to deal with or like something you need to do. Yeah.
[00:38:16.760] I guess in my head, it's kind of like, oh, that thing is here. You know, the thing we have to deal with. Yeah. I see. So it's like a monthly task, a monthly obligation. Yeah. Kind of. It's like just like some part of life that comes every month. It's like pros and cons kind of because how I mentioned, I'll use it as an excuse sometimes. Yeah. It's a pretty universal excuse. You know, sometimes I'm like, dude, I don't want to hang out because I'm on my period.
[00:38:43.920] Or like, mom, you can't make me do chores because I'm on my period. Oh, I shouldn't work out because, you know, today's heaviest flow or something like that. True. And who can blame you for that? Exactly. So I feel like it's a good excuse, but it's also definitely something that you're just like, oh, I have to like power through this. For the next, the worst few days. So the other phrase that you refer to in Mandarin. Yeah.
[00:39:12.860] Called your period your oldest aunt. So do you ever feel like you feel that side of the period as well? Like you feel like an old family member, like an old friend coming to town. Okay. But I think the implication for that one is not necessarily that it's a friend visiting. I think it's like, oh, like the like in-laws are in or like grandma's visit or, you know, like that one aunt is here.
[00:39:43.310] And it's like, of course, it's not like the worst thing ever, but it's like, oh, I have to like do some extra steps to like host this visiting person. Dude, something about personifying your period is hilarious. Like someone coming to town to visit or something. You're like, oh, let me clean the house. Yeah. Clean the bathroom for you. Let me do all my tasks now. So when I'm on my period, I can just lie on the couch. True.
[00:40:13.950] Yeah. Well, I think my relationship with my period is like an old friend who I haven't seen in a long time. And we're starting our relationship anew, but I am still excited for her to visit on a monthly basis. Okay. Wait, actually, I have another question for you. Yeah. You having your period now, does that mean James has more responsibility now too? Oh, I don't know.
[00:40:40.070] He has to step up and take care of you on your period, help out a little extra during those like tougher days. Honestly, yeah. It's definitely a good excuse not to cook, I think. Yeah. Like he needs to show up with beef jerky and chocolate. Right. You know, I'll have him listen to this episode. Like here's my new life now. I always employ my boyfriend to like go out and buy pads for me. Oh. Oh.
[00:41:09.030] I mean, only when he can or when it's convenient. I made him memorize like the brand I get. Made him look at like what type. Because, you know, there's like a bunch like overnight, regular and like liners, all of that stuff. Sometimes he has to go look for my pads for me. And I always think about it. I'm like, damn, when guys buy pads, I feel like low key, it's like a flex almost. Or like a badge of honor. Yeah.
[00:41:38.370] No one's gonna shit on them for buying pads. They're like, oh, what? Like a sweet boyfriend. True, true. Yeah. Especially if he grabs like some chocolate on the way out. And they're like, oh, look at him. Such an angel. Yeah. But then when a girl buys pads, it's like, oh, damn, she's about to have her period. We all like shake our heads in solidarity. Yeah. Like poor thing. So I guess James should prepare, you know, learn some of your period products. Yeah. We're learning together.
[00:42:06.610] But because I have fucking like 200 of everything, I guess he'll learn next year. He's like, how does that brand feel versus that brand? Let me know. I'm like, I don't know. Dude, they should make like sampler packs. Wait, that would be kind of nice. Yeah. Right? Because like buying one pack sometimes is a big commitment.
[00:42:29.910] One full pack of pads is going to probably last you like one to two periods at least. Right. And then you're just all in. Like what if you didn't like it? Yeah. You didn't like the first one. And now you have a whole pack of like 30 still. And you're down like $20 or whatever. Yeah. They need to make some like discovery packs for pads. Wait, that's so right. It should just be seven. Seven different brands.
[00:42:59.910] For like the period week. Right, right. Exactly. Thank you so much, Jisoo, for sharing your period journey. Your re-period journey? Your re-journey? And I think it's interesting to see how you're navigating it now versus back in high school when we were first getting our period. So it's always fun to see you go through your second girlhood experience. Periods.
[00:43:29.030] And for our listeners out there, if you have any tips and tricks for Jisoo to collect about periods, feel free to let us know. We're on social media at eatyourcrustpod.com. And we also have email eatyourcrustpod at gmail.com. And if you'd like to catch our other episodes, then don't forget to follow us on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. We upload new episodes every other Wednesday morning. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.