[00:00:00.000] Hi, welcome back to Eat Your Crust podcast. I'm Jeesoo. I'm Crystal. And I'm Kaila. We are super excited for today's episode and our guest today is someone who many of you may recognize. She is the author of the memoir Fetishized, which is soon to be out as of this episode,
[00:00:28.190] and the former lead singer of the all Asian American female rock band Nylon Pink. And she's also a former import model and amongst that many other things as well. So welcome Kaila Yu. Hi, thanks for having me. Yeah, of course. We're so excited to have you on. And as related to your book coming out, we really wanted to focus this episode on talking about the hypersexualization of Asian women and,
[00:00:55.730] you know, all of the complications and like fetishization that comes with that, since you cover a lot of that in your memoir. So to start us off, just a quick question. What did the hypersexualization of Asian women in media look like when you were growing up? Yeah, so when I was in elementary school, there was no real Asian. I can't even remember anything.
[00:01:23.850] Yeah, so it was, I think, more into when I was like in high school, and that's around when Lucy Liu came out more in college. And then Joy Luck Club, I think, came out during high school. And I think the most fetishy thing I first saw was probably Memoirs of a Geisha. That was like a mainstream thing. And I remember when the book first came out, I was so excited because there was only Joy Luck Club. That was the only Asian American book at the time. And then Memoirs of a Geisha was like
[00:01:53.330] another Asian book. But I don't know if I paid attention to it at the time, but it was written by a white guy. It's fictional, but written as if it were a true story coming from the Geisha's account. And the book is beautifully written. Like it's a great story and the descriptions and you really, I got lost in it. I read it a bunch of times. And then the movie came out and the movie was so
[00:02:17.910] like, you know, millions of millions of dollars, like a big, big production film. And it was gorgeous. I think that was the first very, very mainstream portrayal of Asian women as kind of submissive and only existing for men in that scenario. Yeah, I remember reading that bit in your book where you talk about like, oh, these are all the problematic things in that book that a lot of people don't realize, even though it's so famous and like so widely regarded as like a beautiful novel. And I was
[00:02:47.810] like, yeah, I read this when I was really young. Like, I think I read it in like middle school or something. And I also thought it was true. Like, I didn't realize how problematic it was. And then reading your book, I was like, this is an example of how many things that maybe we internalize or just like accept as true and are so okay with. And then in hindsight, we realize, wait, this is damaging for us as Asian women or just how other people or other ethnic groups might see us in the culture as well.
[00:03:16.230] And it's so problematic. I mean, it wouldn't work today. But it's like, first of all, it's child prostitution, right? I think in the movie, she you know, she's sold off or whatever. She's like, I don't remember the exact age, but it's like 12, 13, 14. And then she gets into the geisha house and they sell off her virginity, I'm pretty sure at a very young age. By the way, like real geisha, always say this is not a
[00:03:43.390] practice. In this film, and in the book, it was a formal like, like everybody was in on it. Everybody knows that this is what you do when geisha turn of age. So that's kind of crazy that it made it into like an institutionalized practice. Yeah. And then I feel like that just really created this false piece of information that we ran with in the media. Yeah, when I also read that part in the book, I was like, Oh, I actually did not know this. And now I'm
[00:04:11.650] realizing where the origin of this like misinformation was coming from. I totally thought the same thing as what the book described. And it was probably because everyone took this book as truth, when it's fiction, and it's like people have verified that it's false information. Yeah, and it was a mega bestseller, like millions and millions of copies. So this is the first time white people are reading about Asian women, probably because what other book are they reading,
[00:04:39.270] except maybe Joy Luck Club. I think that was more popular in the Asian community. This is their first introduction to what East Asian women are like. Right. And I feel like you see in the news nowadays, I think they had to shut down one of the streets in Japan or something because tourists were going and like attacking geisha or like following them or touch them. Yeah. And I don't know if it was like a temporary thing. But I know that
[00:05:04.350] there's been a lot of instances where people go to Japan with this like image of geisha and like their role in their head that's falsified. And then they enact stuff in real like that's super scary that, you know, pieces of media that we read and consume have this trickle effect onto like innocent populations of people who they're like, wait, this is not the reality that I live in. So I think a lot of your book points that like trickle effect or like the butterfly effect of
[00:05:30.690] things so beautifully and like well done. Yeah, it's just like on the offset, a lot of people who are not Asian women are like, oh, it's just a compliment. You know, why are you so pissed off? Like what's the harm? But it can lead to violence and real world circumstances. And it has in many instances. So that's why it's problematic. And the origins are in blood and war. So for sure. And I
[00:05:54.950] think like there was also a part that you pointed out that I really, I guess, like resonated with where you mentioned earlier in media, you know, when there wasn't much Asian American presence, sometimes Asian characters would just be thrown in as like a casual, sexualized background character, or even just like a comedic relief if it was a man. And I recently watched Happy Gilmore,
[00:06:21.070] which came out, you know, back in I think it was like the 2000s. And there were no Asian characters in it except for in the beginning of the movie. Happy, the main character, he's like breaking up with his girlfriend. And then he is like trying to beg her to come back over the apartment intercom. And then some random old Asian lady walks by and she hears this and then she ends up going up
[00:06:47.330] and then they insinuate that they have sex. And then she never appears again. And I was like, that is true. What? I don't even know this reference. I have to go watch this. I don't even know about this one. This is a very strong example. Yeah, it was crazy because I watched it after reading your book, right? So I was like more hypervigilant about this, especially since like an old movie. And I was like, dude, this is what Kyle is talking about. Like it's right there in front of our eyes.
[00:07:12.990] This one was a very big movie. Yeah. It probably happened so casually because it happened in like Sex and the City 2. Like I forgot whose character. I think it was Samantha had this rich boyfriend, probably butchering who the characters are. But he had a maid who was Asian. And the maid was like really jealous of Samantha because she was in love with and trying to like have sex with the rich guy
[00:07:39.830] or whatever. And that was the only purpose of her character. I mean, there's so many throwaway references, I guess. I feel like there's been so many evolutions of how Asian characters are in the media. I think last year or two years ago, I watched the show Never Have I Ever. And the main character is this like beautifully complex, kind of like a strong and like willful Indian teenager. And I was like, dude, we would not have grown up seeing a show like this. When we were young,
[00:08:08.590] Crystal and I always talk about how we felt very lucky to see like London Tipton. And that was like peak representation for us. And we were just like so happy with that. And now we get so many more like full bodied and complex Asian characters. And the amount of Asian writers out there like writing fiction books about Asian characters, it's just it's vast actually. Totally. Totally. But sometimes I do wonder, I'm like, what is the problematic thing that we don't
[00:08:38.530] see right now that like 20 years later, our kids will be like, Mom, you watch this, this is so problematic. Or point things out. And we're like, damn, it felt so normal back then. It's good to question at the time, because then you could like possibly catch it. I still just think we're really hard on women. There's, you know, men doing terrible things like rape and murder. And then
[00:09:03.590] we're like piling on Katy Perry for just being kind of awkward or whatever, you know, like being what they call cringe, like piling on her articles and articles. And I just don't see that happening with a man doing something cringy, you know? That's so true. When we step back and like look at the broader picture, you can really see a lot of not only the effects of the ethnic lens, but also just being a woman is still, yeah, like, I think there
[00:09:33.290] was this one thing where we kind of noticed women will sometimes get really popular in media, and then they have big upswing. And then suddenly, someone decides to turn on them. Everybody, yeah. That's when their like downfall happens. And it was really interesting, because I read an article where someone was describing this, and they mentioned how Pedro Pascal is experiencing that kind of right
[00:09:58.250] now. And they're like, it's very interesting, because this is usually the kind of thing you see happen to women and not men. But like, he has been having a little bit of controversy lately. So then the person was drawing a little bit of a parallel there. And I was like, that is interesting, because Pedro Pascal is like loved by many, and like very popular with women as well, or like women fans and stuff. So yeah, because that's never happened, I guess, to many major actors that you could think of.
[00:10:27.210] What also really disturbed me is like the Johnny Depp, Amber Heard thing. I'm not an expert on this case. I'm not somebody who watched the whole thing. But I know she was a victim, even if she perpetuated some things, they both probably did some stuff. But she got eviscerated. And he was celebrated still by many. So it's kind of like, well, he did some terrible things. Factually, they are documented. So
[00:10:56.410] I know, it's like scary sometimes. And I think oftentimes, what I see online comes in like the form of humor. So it's like, I'll be reading a TikTok comment or something. And then someone will casually make a joke about how Tory Lanez shot at Meg Thee Stallion, or like make a Chris Brown joke. And at first, it could be like kind of funny. And then you realize, wait, this is crazy that we're just so okay with people, I guess, doing violence on women. And it's something that we joke about.
[00:11:26.410] And I think a lot of this stuff can be paralleled in like Asian society too. In K-pop, for example, I know a few years back, there was this girl group member named Seulhyun who was really famous. And she was almost at like the peak of her career. And then she got into this dating scandal with this rapper and paparazzi had taken some photos of her like sprinting from her car to his apartment.
[00:11:51.150] And it was like the running photos became like a huge meme in Korea. And that's the one thing that she did or like one of the only things that she did that got her canceled. For like dating a guy that is her age. Like what? That's so crazy. Like God forbid a beautiful woman wants to date another like good looking man, right? Yeah. It's absurd the like not allowing them to date thing. Yeah, that's so toxic, you know?
[00:12:19.110] I guess it's like, not only is it the fans, a lot of the times are like, oh, like, they're so obsessed with like the idol or whatever. And they're like, I don't want you to date anyone because in my mind, you're somehow my, you know, whatever. But then I feel like the companies behind it also help support that kind of narrative. Don't date anyone. Don't cause any scandals. Like, why is this even a scandal that you're dating someone?
[00:12:46.550] I feel like weren't there a bunch of guy K-pop stars that were like involved in a rape sex ring or something? So this is so minor. I mean, it's not even a thing. It's not even minor because it's not a thing to be a young woman who dates. I guess that's like another example. To be fair, the main people part of that like whole like sex ring scandal did get punished. But I think there were
[00:13:11.610] like some people who are on the sidelines or like minorly connected to it and they're just still walking around and like still having their jobs and all of that. It's a structural issue. I think we're structurally a patriarchy that puts women beneath men. I'm gonna circle us back to your book, Kyla, and one of the major themes that you touch upon during
[00:13:36.170] the book, which is how Asian women were really objectified and still are to this day and how that objectification was interweaved with like your growth as a person and also just how you view your own identity as an Asian American woman. And I think one of the things that you kind of explore in the beginning was very interesting to me, which is like, do you lean into the fetishization?
[00:14:00.390] Because it's so pervasive. So why not lean into it and make a career out of it or like build productive things and benefit from it versus other people that you might have had in your life were rejecting it or trying to like fight it or shy away from it. So I guess how do you feel looking back on like the leaning in versus rejecting it? Like, do you feel that it helped you gain some control over your life of something that was harmful, but you were still able to make it constructive? Or do you feel
[00:14:29.950] like it maybe harmed your self identity or anything in any way? I think it's definitely both. And as I mentioned, like in elementary school, junior high, there was no Asian presence in the mainstream media. But when the internet kind of started during high school, there was one Asian woman who was really huge. And her name was Sunghee Lee. She was a Korean Playboy model. I just remember getting the flyer
[00:14:56.130] from my guy friend and the guys just like went crazy over her. She was the only Asian woman that you could go crazy over. I mean, unless you're like looking overseas to Asia or something and K-pop and like East Asian culture wasn't as big as it is here in America at the time. So I just really latched on to the Sunghee Lee and just wanted to be like her. And I was so nerdy in high school, never got asked to a
[00:15:23.030] dance and like just never had a boyfriend, whatever. So I felt very invisible to boys. To her, she seems like she has the world at her feet was what was in my mind. She was like on the cover of Playboy or whatever. So from a very young age, I was like, oh, I want to be like her. Then I started to follow her website and just followed everything she did. And she was working a lot. So throughout the years,
[00:15:49.010] I got very normalized to like, oh, she looks like so beautiful and Playboy and all these things. I just want to be everything like her. So by the time I got into college, I already had that in my head, like, oh, maybe I want to pursue this one day. And then I still hadn't really encountered the Asian fetish because nobody had it while I was growing up, I guess. And then I started only hanging around with
[00:16:15.230] Asians when I was a sophomore or junior. So then obviously, we weren't going to encounter it amongst ourselves. Yeah, it was only during college that I started to hear it was a thing. And then at first, at first, when you're completely invisible, and you hear that there are men who like women like you, you're like, oh, that's great. You know, that's better to me than being invisible at the time.
[00:16:40.010] Mm hmm. So leaning into it, I think, also, this was during a time, and I quote this book called feminist chauvinist pigs. And it's by Ariel Levy. And she talks about how the early 2000s were like raunch culture, where pornography was first hitting the internet. So the mainstream media became very pornified. You see like the girls start to have implants and like they have a certain look,
[00:17:08.510] you know, that they didn't have the decade before the ticket before I think was like Kate Moss or something, but it changed into something else. The girls next door was on TV, the Playboy show where it's like just normalized this old dude with his three young girlfriends. And everyone was like, Oh, this is so cute. What a fun show. So it was like a very sexualized time. And it's also post feminism, where women
[00:17:36.330] were thinking, Oh, we're feminist, we can do whatever we want, including be sexy and be like, have as much sex as we want. So we thought it was empowering was kind of the message that was coming through, which was, you know, definitely, I think in the end, just getting tricked by the patriarchy. But like, at the time, that's what a lot of people were thinking. That was kind of the messaging during their time. Leaning into it just seemed like, Oh, I'm just like doing what people do,
[00:18:04.770] you know, what young women do, we're empowered in our sexuality. That's a really interesting point. And it kind of reminds me of how I thought American Pie was a normal movie and everyone at school was talking about it. So I had my mom download it. And I was like, Oh, let's just like watch it over dinner. So we were eating dinner. Had you seen it before? No, I had no idea. I thought it was like, a regular movie, like the,
[00:18:34.290] the title itself seems so innocent, right? Like that is a very sexualized movie for high school kids to be acting out and watching, I guess, because I think I watched it when I was already in college. Perhaps. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What happened? Yeah. So I was like, Okay, like, let's watch it while we eat dinner. And then we pull it up. And I think not even like five minutes in, there's just like very graphic, like sex scenes and a lot of
[00:19:01.870] dirty jokes. I like slammed the laptop shut. And I was like, Sorry, I don't think I knew what this movie was. But you totally reminded me that that was that kind of era. Like this was so normal. Yeah. And Paris Hilton was like the main icon. We were wearing our jeans to the pubic bone, basically. And like we were talking about Britney Spears virginity, like it was okay to talk about
[00:19:26.010] that respectable newscasters would ask her about her state of her virginity. So it's very sexualized. Yeah, for sure. And I feel like at that time, for some reason, like just sex was like funny too. Like all the comedies were super raunchy too. And it was like, yeah, like funny that people were, I don't know, sexy or like trying to be sexy and like throwing themselves at boys. And thinking back, it was such a
[00:19:54.110] wild time to have grown up in. Like this is the media that we grew up with. And we were like learning from. There are so many sex tapes at the time, right? There was the Pamela Anderson first, and then the Paris Hilton one, and then the Kim Kardashian one. And then later you find out that the two like, you know, Pamela Anderson's legitimately evicted. I love her arc right now. She's like starring in the
[00:20:20.590] naked gun. And it's so amazing. But like, she was a huge star. And this got stolen, like this personal video with her and her boyfriend. Basically in court, they said, well, you model for Playboys. So why? Why is this not okay out there? That was pretty much like what happened. And that kind of ruined her career. She never recovered from that. Also Paris Hilton, she was dating like a decade older man who was
[00:20:49.350] grooming her basically. Both of these sex tapes that we thought, oh, everybody was watching them, like it was no big deal. And find out the women are all victims in it. Yeah, it's kind of a crazy time. I know a couple years ago, or maybe it's been longer now. Pornhub did like a full sweep of a lot of videos off their site. And a lot of things that were like unverified got deleted and whatnot. And
[00:21:14.650] it's a necessary change. I think that was like super impactful. But it's also like, why was that not a thing before? Like, why did there have to be this big push for the website to do that? And it's just like super strange. The details of that are really horrifying. The reason it got swiped is because this really famous journalist at New York Times wrote an article called the Children of Pornhub.
[00:21:38.750] And he found the shocking amount of child porn that was on there. And a lot of them, there was one instance where there was a missing child and her family discovered her via photos or videos on there. They're impossible to remove even if you tell Pornhub, these are kids like they just won't remove the videos until this article came out. And then finally, like Visa and MasterCard were like, oh,
[00:22:06.090] we're not going to support this anymore. Because now we're being publicly called out, even though they were supporting them for years knowing what's going on. And then they swiped everything only when this article came out. But you could like cry to Pornhub and be like, that's my five year old daughter. I'm exaggerating probably not, you know, but my underage daughter on there. And they would not give a fuck. That is absolutely horrifying. Yeah. It's like dark how
[00:22:32.490] wild west it was. And then now it's kind of scary too, because we have AI and there's what is that thing called where you can do very realistic porn with people's faces? Oh, like I think it's like deep fakes or something. Yeah. Now we have like a whole nother world of things to worry about. It's crazy. Yeah, I feel like I've heard people in like high school having to deal with deep fakes.
[00:22:58.370] Oh my god. Oh my god. Yeah. I can't even imagine being growing up now with the internet. You're like a little child and there's like boys just convincing you to send nudes because that's what they see on like Euphoria or whatever. And then that haunts you for the rest of your life. They don't realize that they're so young. But I still think the world has gotten a lot better. But there are,
[00:23:23.710] you know, some things. Some things still need work. Yeah, that's true. I feel like everyone is definitely like a little more aware, a little more educated. But yeah, like with new technologies comes new problems. So hopefully we're able to adapt quickly to all this kind of stuff. Yeah. I think you even see it in like OnlyFans, for example. I feel like with OnlyFans getting really
[00:23:48.650] big, a lot of people in that career path were able to kind of take control of the financials of their content or like even just how their content is like produced and shared out to the world. But then also at the same time, I feel like it lowers the barrier to entry to a certain degree. So then maybe some people are pushed into it or encouraged into it when they wouldn't have explored it in the first place. So it's like all these weird nuances that we have to navigate
[00:24:15.630] with the internet making everything easier and better, but also like worse at the same time. So it's like you just never know how to kind of shape that pool, especially for young women who maybe are like more impressionable. What I didn't have growing up was a lot of conversations about it. So just hearing different perspectives or different media out there. There was so limited media back then. So I think that's kind of the gift of this generation that they do have a lot of influencers.
[00:24:44.090] They can listen to a lot of movies, TV and all kinds of stuff that is more directed towards a more multifaceted Asian experience. Yeah, that's so true. As we have mentioned, you know, growing up 2000s, like there's no really like Asian American presence in the media. So if someone wanted to pursue that, they literally have to make their own path, figure out what is the best way to get there, make their own mistakes. Even the idea of
[00:25:12.770] talking about it with your parents as like an Asian American kid just feels impossible. Like that's not even close to an option. But yeah, like the comparison to now it's like, oh, there's actually people who you can look up to and different like pads that you can see. So I feel like I'm definitely very thankful that people can actually see people that they can look up to and like learn from versus
[00:25:39.370] what we were like trying to figure out as we were getting older. It's crazy because the changes are exponential at this point. It isn't even like, oh, we have like a good amount of more representation. It's just like for me as a child, this is a shocking amount of representation. Like it's unimaginable. I think I mentioned K-pop being on the radio and like all these non-Asians trying to learn Korean because they want to listen. That's crazy. Like I couldn't have imagined that.
[00:26:09.370] No, I felt like in my childhood, I would literally have to explain to people what Korea was because I was like, oh, I'm Korean. And they're like, oh, is that like near Japan? And I would be like, oh, yeah, it's like, you know, a peninsula attached to China, like next to Japan. And then now sometimes at work, people would be like, oh, you're Korean. Did you watch whatever K-drama? And I'm like, oh my God, I did not watch that. Like I don't even watch. They're like naming some obscure drama.
[00:26:36.310] I remember Jisoo has mentioned before where she was like, I feel like I have to be like a professional Korean. Because everybody wants to know everything. Are you like the go-to source for like recommendations of Korean things? Yeah, it's like random stuff too. Like at work, I once had this coworker who would be like, can you share your like kimchi recipe? And I'd be like, wait, I've like never made this before. Like even my mom just buys it.
[00:27:05.590] Like I've never made kimchi from scratch. I still have to call my mom sometimes and be like, how should I do this? And my mom will often just be like, just buy it. Like this brand tastes the best. Yeah, the bot ones are really good, right? Yeah. And I feel like also when like we were growing up, K-pop was such a more like niche slash nerdy thing. And then now it's like mainstream media. Like K-pop is at Lollapalooza this weekend.
[00:27:34.270] It's main, it's leading media, I think. And the interesting part of it is like, it's not that Western media ever wanted to feature K-pop. You know, it's not, it's just became so financially beneficial that they were like, okay, let's get in on this. Right. I think you even see it in interviews. Like sometimes late night shows will feature like a male K-pop idol group or something. And one of the common themes in K-pop idol groups,
[00:28:00.930] they'll usually have one or two native English speakers so that it can attract like a bigger fan base. Sometimes you'll see the hosts literally be like, oh, your English is so good. Like, where'd you learn it? And then the guy has to be like, I'm Canadian. Or like, I'm from the US. Like I'm from Mississippi. And it's like, yeah, they do zero research, but they only have these people on just because it makes money and gets views. It's good. Cause I feel like we have a huge purchasing power, the Asian community.
[00:28:28.430] And now it's like talking and corporations have to listen because they care about who's buying stuff, you know? Yeah. I do wonder how it affects like the younger generation though. I wonder if Asian guys feel like they have to uphold a certain image or something at school or they feel commodified because they do like, okay. But the difference is that guys don't mind being fetishized. Whenever you talk to an Asian guy about it, they're like, great.
[00:28:59.730] But I just don't think women objectify men the same way. And it doesn't lead to violence. And it wasn't born of violence. I think that's the big difference. But yes, it shows you how who's desirable is totally a media construct. Cause growing up, we had these nerdy characters that were like emasculated. And now that BTS and others are huge.
[00:29:25.010] I go on TikTok and there's all these like beautiful white girls saying like, oh, I love Korean guys. So it's just because whatever the media pushes as desirable, people get influenced by it. So it's like totally not set in stone. Yeah, that's so true. Sometimes like noticing and becoming aware of like the media narrative is really eyeopening. You're like, oh wait, I've just been letting myself be influenced by
[00:29:54.330] what is being put out in all of these articles and like, I don't know, TMZ or stuff like that. It is hard, I think, to avoid that. But it's helpful to sometimes take a step back and like realize what is happening. And sometimes you're just falling into the media wave, the mainstream wave. And I mean, sometimes that's okay. But also sometimes it's like, okay, like I need to figure
[00:30:20.290] out how I can like make my own opinions too. And that's probably like the hardest part. And I think that's so important right now because it's like such a divisive time where people are so polarized and on extreme sides. So like one way to do that, I think is diversifying the media you watch and not just limited to one culture, you know, like just get out of your own bubble and see what other
[00:30:45.190] people outside your immediate circle are doing. I think that's, you know, awesome with K-pop because we're learning about another country. Americans like barely, you know, are taught geography or like other world histories. And we probably need it the most right now. I think one of the things that does scare me a little bit is sometimes when I watch Korean content, I feel like there's this big focus on like the age of women.
[00:31:14.430] Yeah, the age is a problem. Right. We were kind of laughing about this meme that we put on the doc in our intro call, where it's like the average Asian aging process. And it's just like, you know, like a very young looking woman from like age 18 to age 50. And then suddenly at age 60, they become like a ajumma or whatever. And I feel like the way that K-pop fans or like the Korean media will talk about
[00:31:40.050] a K-pop idol that's in her like early 30s or something to us that still feels super young. But in a lot of like Korean comments or something, it'll be like, oh, she's so old now. Like you can tell she doesn't even look as good as insert whatever new 18 year old is like the girl nowadays. Yeah. As an Asian woman, that scares me. Even though I actively try to fight it, it still is so internalized in me. And it makes me afraid of aging. And I don't know if that's just
[00:32:08.850] a me thing or if everyone else is like also internalizing this, you know? No, no. I think that's like taught on women in general. But yes, I do think K-pop is so positive in many ways. But South Korea, in addition to all the East Asian countries are heavily patriarchal. My book is mostly a criticism of the way that Asian women are like presented in Western media. That being said, I would rather live here than like East Asia. I think it's very tough to be a
[00:32:36.430] woman there. The beauty standards that are expected. When you apply to a job, I think you have to have a photo or something, you know? Right. They start idols under age, right? And I don't know how you feel about Ayo, but like I feel like I don't know if I'm pronouncing it right, but it promotes like a childlike feminism that is a little questionable to me too. Yeah. There's different problems in every culture.
[00:33:02.890] Whenever I see like dramas or something like that where there's a huge age gap, I'm just like, I can't watch this, dude. Yeah. It's just like, it's too weird when like, especially if maybe like the female actor is not only playing a young character, but looks really young. I'm just like, oh, this is so wrong. And the man looks like he's 40 or something. I'm just like, uh, yeah. Yeah. That's getting better. Cause like we didn't even question the age gap growing up. It was just
[00:33:32.850] like, oh, okay. That's how like so many shows are. I mean, I feel like Woody Allen was like casting himself with like 17 and 16 year olds. So like in there's this really huge movie that everybody loves. I'm not a Woody Harrelson or Woody Allen, but yeah, there's like some influential romantic movie that tons of people love and it's him and like a 17 year old or something. And that was
[00:33:58.790] acceptable that nobody questioned the age gap whatsoever. So now at least people will point out, oh, that age gap is weird. Like that's in our vocabulary. Yeah. That's progress. Or at least like when you see a big age gap, there will be people like criticizing it. Right. And also to what we were talking about earlier, I feel like 30 has been such a specific
[00:34:21.570] age that like is for some reason very important. Suddenly, you know, when you're 30, you're, you can't be a young adult anymore. And media really focuses on 30 being like over the hill, I guess. You know, now that's when you start getting like mom roles or like, you know, older roles. And I've noticed that happens in Asian media as well. There's literally like a Chinese
[00:34:49.070] show about people in the entertainment industry who are now 30 or older. And then they like get on this show to form some sort of like girl group and show that they can still or they still have it in them. And like, yeah, watching that, I'm like, wait, 30 is not even old. And I feel like I see memes sometimes where people are like, wow, you look so young for being like 30 to mid 30s. And
[00:35:16.490] people are like, I think you just don't know what people in their 30s look like. Like they just look like the same thing as people in their 20s. I like that they're being called out for. That reminds me of when I first started working. And then I just assumed everyone was like my age, because I also did not have a ton of viz onto like what adulthood looked like. To an extent, I feel like women just aren't allowed to exist in that space. Because if you go on like Pornhub,
[00:35:43.750] the categories are like teen and then MILF. And it's like, what about all the people who are like in the middle? Like that's crazy. I mean, I've definitely seen that I never noticed that those were the only two age categories of women, which you are correct. That's disturbing. Because it's teen. It's not like young woman. Pornhub is a disturbing representation of the categories that
[00:36:12.670] to put women in. Because there are so many popular Asian categories. There's like Asian, and then there's like anime or Japanese girl. And it gets really detailed. Yeah, I think you mentioned this in your book too, where I thought it was a really good point where you're saying like, if you just look at Pornhub categories, you can see what people are fetishizing, what people are interested in. It's a more like stripped down real version than what we see in media.
[00:36:41.770] And so if you ever need a wake up call, just like go there and like look at these categories and be like, what the fuck? Yeah. It's like they aren't censoring themselves over there. Yeah. So I guess on the topic of porn or just the spaces that women exist in, in like a guy's brain, I guess, or like the collective man's brain, I feel like male gaze and like the standards of male gaze is something that you touch on often in your book as well. And I guess knowing everything
[00:37:11.690] that you've experienced now and knowing what you know now, like, are there things that help you manage releasing yourself from the standards of the male gaze or just like things that you do that help you center yourself in your confidence? Yeah, I mean, I want to say I never want to judge a woman for her choices. For me, I kind of led with my sexuality and my youth and that was not authentic to me. But somebody else might do those things. And that's very authentic to them. And that rings
[00:37:40.810] true to them. I was definitely not going according to like my inner feelings and values. I was pushing those aside to get validation. That being said, I still like looking cute and pretty or whatever, you know, I think you'll always as a woman feel like you want to be attractive. You know, there's that saying where you like put on a fresh coat of lipstick and you could like face the day
[00:38:05.210] because you feel like you, you know, got your warrior paint on or whatever, because that's what women need. But yeah, for that, I've just done tons and tons of self worth. I didn't even know growing up that I had such a lack of self love. Because I think also as Asians, we're not taught about self love is not like really a thing. Asian culture is such a collective society. American
[00:38:30.530] culture is an individualistic society. And I think it's so important to teach youth to learn self love because it's a practice. It's not like necessarily something that comes naturally. So for me, it's like practices like meditation and journaling and all that like woo woo stuff. But I think it really helps just trying to pay attention because like sometimes I'll have feelings like, oh, this is maybe not right. But you push it aside because you're like, oh, let's just go along with
[00:38:59.090] the crowd or whatever. And it's just being in touch with yourself. So you can hear those and like, pay attention to them. Yeah, therapy helps a lot. Yeah, that's a really good point, though, about how we aren't really taught self love in Asian American households. The focus is always just, you know, get your studies in order. Yeah, achieve.
[00:39:22.330] I guess like maybe the optimistic outlook of this is that I feel like this generation with immigrant parents. We grow up and then we realize we need to explore more of this taking care of yourself, mind, body health. And then when we grow up and or when we have kids and like, you know, bring forth the next generation, hopefully we're bringing them into a more holistically aware slash healthy
[00:39:50.850] situation where it's not just about achieving. It's also about, you know, taking care of yourself and learning to do what you love and what aligns with your own values. Yeah, I feel like my parents generation was taught from their parents that criticizing is the best way to get your kids to do more. And it does work. Like if you're saying like, oh, look at like,
[00:40:14.750] your cousin over there, achieving this, how come you can't do that? It will push you probably to try to like achieve more. But then it might leave you with, you know, a little ding on your self esteem too. So for me, it made me just look at everything like a competition. And it's just not because really, there's like enough room for everybody if we look at the world as abundant place, but we don't. I
[00:40:41.510] always saw it as a zero sum game where only some people can get the spoils of whatever. You know, it is kind of interesting, though, not to derail this whole conversation. But there's some like discourse on TikTok where millennials are pointing out that Gen Z and their behavior patterns are kind of similar to like boomers. And I feel like millennials are kind of considered like the nice generation or like the soft generation where we care a lot about other people and like,
[00:41:10.810] you know, all these values that maybe our parents generations weren't hyper focused on, but they say that Gen Z are kind of bringing back that boomer pattern. So we'll kind of see how it evolves with them. Wait, what's the boomer pattern just not caring about other people? Yeah, like sort of focusing on yourself and like your own needs instead of worrying about like, oh, what do these other people want? Or like, what are the rights of other people? And it's kind of
[00:41:37.510] interesting because Gen Z tends to be like politically charged to a certain extent. But maybe with the younger Gen Z, that's maybe getting more extreme or fading away of like, oh, everyone else in my generation is so political. I want to be apolitical to an extent. So interesting. I like proclaim myself as a closeted Gen Z. So I like try to keep up with like that discourse on TikTok.
[00:42:04.150] It's so interesting how like entire generations will have a theme and really play into it. It's funny how it works out that way. Yeah, I think one of the funniest things that I've heard about Gen Z is that they have this like Gen Z stare. Yes. Yeah. I wrote an article about that actually. Oh, yeah. So you know all about it. I feel like it's just so funny about how like,
[00:42:27.530] they do not give a fuck about like, just like service. And then millennials, on the other hand, are like so careful about it. And they really want everyone to feel welcome and comfortable. And that just completely ties in with what you just said, Jisoo, about like millennials caring about other people more. And then Gen Zs are just like, is there something you need? Like, they like just stare at you. Yeah, I know what it is in theory, but I've never encountered it in real life. Have you?
[00:42:57.390] I think I haven't yet. Not to a point where it like left an impression. But one of my friends said that she recently experienced it, and she was like, it was kind of weird. I felt bad to like even ask for whatever they like want me to do. Oh, really? I think I've experienced it too. Usually at a coffee shop or something, I like walk in and I expect to have them be like, hi, do you want to order something?
[00:43:23.650] But then the worker was just like staring. And then I have to be like, can I order? Like, sorry to bother you. Well, that is a whole theme too, because I think the quiet quitting thing probably applies to Gen Z, not millennials. Millennials are the girl boss generation, I'm assuming. And quiet quitting,
[00:43:46.450] I think is just doing your job and nothing more, I think, which is in a way it's like self care. It's like not working overtime or this and that, and not going above and beyond. But yeah, I guess I can see that with Gen Z, because that's a Gen Z trend. Yeah, I guess millennials are just forever people pleasers. I think I saw a TikTok that said, if you message a Gen Z person after work hours,
[00:44:16.510] they just like straight up will not respond. But then if you message a millennial, they'll be like, oh, you know, sorry, I'll respond tomorrow. Or like, they'll have some sort of response, even if they don't get to it right away. And I was like, damn, we really are that generation. But like lean in generation. That's pretty powerful to just not respond though. Maybe we need to just pull different traits from each generation to become the ultimate person.
[00:44:44.150] But speaking of all of that, before we wrap up, we wanted to ask you a final question. Do you think you have any advice now that you've, you know, gone through so much and learned so much advice for your younger self or even just like the general younger population? Yeah, like for her, my younger self in particular, I would just I know that's so cheesy, but I'd want to tell her like your loves like my parents loved me unconditionally.
[00:45:11.810] They maybe didn't show it in a traditional kind of way. But you know, they sacrificed and did everything for me and my brother. And I just didn't feel loved. And I didn't love myself. I don't know if that's advice I can give. But it's like, if we could teach young people how to love themselves, that would be so powerful, because it would just, I don't think we would be so fractured right now as a society if people love themselves, because when you love
[00:45:37.970] yourselves, it's easier to love others, make that a priority, you know, know that you can give because okay, the one thing that's come up right now is I still have a huge drive for validation through achievement. That's just ingrained into me. I've been learning that I could give myself validation, instead of looking to all these outside things. Okay, I do have specific advice.
[00:46:05.930] So there's a book that I'm reading right now called Love Yourself Like Your Life Depends On It. And it is so powerful. It's about this entrepreneur guy, and he was suicidal. And he just like learned, he just started telling himself 100 times a day. And he just made this the background, like, I love myself, I love myself, he'd say it out loud, he'd say it in the mirror, he'd say in the background, whenever something stressful happens, it's like, I love myself, I love myself.
[00:46:33.430] And then his life began to change, like his health got better. And like doors started opening and just like all this crazy stuff. I've been doing it for like five days or something. I feel like I'm someone who loves myself quite a bit, because I've done a lot of recovery work, like years and years of it, but there's still work to be done, apparently. So yeah, I would recommend reading that book. And there's like a million helpful books out there on that same topic, too.
[00:47:02.350] It's a great piece of advice. And I feel like it's just so applicable to Asian Americans, especially really learn to get self validation. I think that's something that I also struggle with. I think, you know, I can relate to that where you're like, maybe if I achieve this, then my parents will be proud, all that kind of typical, you know, Asian American like narrative. So yeah, I really like
[00:47:27.730] that, you know, focusing on self love. Yeah, because that's infinite, you know, your parents is probably unconditional in many circumstances for Asian kids, but like, maybe not. But you can always give yourself all the love needed. But we don't realize that we're searching for that in a lover. We're searching for that validation from our parents, from our friends, when it's all really inside yourself. And you can never run away from yourself. She's always in there.
[00:47:57.930] You might as well make friends with her. Yeah. Well, this has been super awesome. Crystal and I loved your book, Kyla. And I think any of our listeners would love it as well. So thank you so much for coming on and sharing advice and sharing your experiences for our listeners and where can our listeners find you. So my name is Kyla Yu. And that's just like the same thing on Instagram
[00:48:20.830] and my website. And the books out in all stores on August 19. And if anyone's in LA, we're also doing a signing at the Barnes and Nobles, the Grove on the 19th, which is a huge day. Awesome. Thank you so much. And for our listeners out there, please, please, please check out Kyla Yu. She's so awesome, so smart. And the book is really eye-opening. So definitely worth a read.
[00:48:46.710] And you can always reach out to us. We have Instagram at eatyourcrustpod. And we also have email eatyourcrustpod at gmail.com. And don't forget to follow us on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, wherever you listen to podcasts. We upload new episodes every other Wednesday morning. Thanks for listening. And don't forget to eat your crust.